You know what I do is write for children, and, in fact, I'm probably the car for children, more reading in the U.S.
And I always tell people that I don't want to seem like a scientist.
I can send it as a agriculture, or with the back of body, and never nobody has chosen a agriculture.
Today I'm here to talk about circles and speeds.
And you know that an epidemic generally is something that you fall into some place.
You only have to go back to the apple to see it as a speed.
That's the painting of a circle.
A friend of mine did that -- Richard Bolance.
It's the kind of complicated circle of what I'm going to talk about.
My circle started in the '60s, in the middle school in State, God where I was the rate of the class.
And when they went back to save every week in the girl of girls, until a teacher saved me life.
She saved my life to let me go back to the base of the teachers.
I did it in secret.
For three years.
And I had to go from the city.
I had a pull and 25 dollars, and I ended up in San Francisco -- California -- I found a love -- and in the 1980s, I felt the need to start working in organizations that were struggling against AIDS.
About three or four years ago, at half the night I received a phone called the television of that teacher, the lady pay he said, "I need to see.
I'm developing that of adults we never get to know.
You could come to Ohio and please brings that man I know you've already found.
And I have to tell you that I have cancer cancer, and I'd like you to take you with this for favorite."
Well, the next day we were in Velly.
We were going to see, we got them, we came up, and we realized that she needed to be hospital.
We found it a place, the interviews, and we came back and find us from their family, because it was necessary.
It's something we knew how to do.
And as the woman who wanted to know as an adult came to you, it became a box of constantly, and it was put in my hands.
And what happened was that the circle had been closed, had become a circle -- and that speed that I talked to you was presented in itself.
The epidemic is that death is part of life.
She saved my life, my partner and I save the one of her.
And you know that part of life needs everything that the rest of life.
I need real and beauty, and I'm very happy that today I talked a lot about this.
I also need -- needs dignity, love and pleasure -- and it's our job to provide those things.
Thank you.
As artists, connection is very important for me.
Through my work, I'm trying to express that humans are not separated of nature and everything is interconnected.
I went for the first time a 10 years ago, and I saw my first teams.
I was assumption.
My heart faster, I was death, trying to understand what was front of me.
I took them around the water of the water almost 60 meters -- and I couldn't be able to think that it was about a snow of snow about another seven year after year.
The atoms are born when you get rid of the glaciers or the ice barriers.
Every threat has its own individual personality.
They have a different way to interact with your environment and their experiences.
Some of them are born to get up and they go back to the end, while others can't be able to be more and they are destroyed in a dramatic passion.
It's easy to think about it, when you see a train, which are silk sits and alone, in large measure as we see us sometimes as human.
But reality is all the opposite.
As a temperature, I'm holding your ancestral atmosphere.
As you spend a kind of liberal water in minerals that feeds many forms of life.
I'm going to photograph these atoms as if it would be about the portraits of my ancestors, knowing that in these unique moments there are in that way.
It's not the death when you define it, it's not an end, but a song of your way for the cycle of life.
Part of the ice of the size that photograph is very young, has a couple of thousands years old.
And another part of the ice has over 100 years old.
The last pictures I would like to show you are about a field that photographed in Kenvalonians, Gravic.
It's a little bit very frequent to get a broken track.
Here you have.
You can see the left a little boat.
It measures about five feet.
And I would like you to pay attention to the form of the size and your flowing line.
You can see here, it starts to reduce, the boat has moved into the other side and the man is there.
This is a track of Gravic, a average size.
The water is about 120 feet or 40 feet.
This video is in real time.
And so we love, the atmosphere shows a different side of their personality.
Thank you.
I want you to imagine two couples in 1999, the same day, exactly in the same time, every one of a biodiver. Okay.
So two couples every one with a baby.
I don't want you to get too much in the details of consciousness, because if you stop to think about the concept in you, you're not going to pay attention.
Think about that for a moment.
And in this stage I want you to imagine that, in a case, the chromosome and the sperm is joined to the X of the flight.
And in the other case, the X company of the sperm is joined to the X track of the flight.
They both press and started life.
Let's go back to talk about them later.
In my active activity to take two roles.
In one of my roles, I work with the story of the animal.
I'm a story of training and what studied in this case is the way people open the atmosphere is to say, of human bodies and animals, how they have considered the body flowers, the idea of the body, what you've been thinking about the body.
The other role that I think about in my work is an activist, as a definition of patients or as I say sometimes definition of people who are medical patients.
In this case, I've been working with people whose physical characteristics defined social norms.
I've been working for example, for example, two people in the same body.
I've worked with people with emissions, people much more low than the average.
And I've worked with many cases of people with atomic sex -- individuals whose physical psychology don't fit in the male male and conventional phenomena.
In general, we can call it serious interaction.
The interface has a lot of forms.
I'm going to put you some examples in ways to have a sex that doesn't fit in the form of male or female.
For example, it's the case of the individual of the individual biological baseball whose gene German genes and says to the protein, that we all have in the personal life, which are becoming technically.
And then, in the federal life, the troops produce TV.
But because this individual comes out of testosterone, the body doesn't react to the same thing.
It's the sound of inspiration to antibortary.
So there are high-tech levels of testosterone, but no reaction of reality.
As a consequence, the body is developed by following a relatively female course.
When it happened, the baby.
It's a girl -- it's raised as a child.
And often, it's not the way to the political, when it's growing and developing our own, but it doesn't have the mental period when someone is telling you that something is happening.
After making them tests realize that instead of having a lot of an old and third, it actually has telescopes and a chromosome.
What's important to understand is that you can think about a man, but it's not really like that.
Women like men, we have in the body something called surrounding glass.
They're in the top part of the body.
The surgeons produce announces, the hormone of the photographically.
Most women like me -- I consider a typical woman -- I don't know their criminal structure, I think to be a typical woman most women like me are sensitive to antiborals.
We produce organs and respond to antibortary.
As a consequence -- someone like me has the most exposed brain to the analysis that the woman who was born with telescopes that have the sound of insectation to antibortary.
So sex is something complicated -- it's not that interests are in the middle of the spectrum in a certain way to be everywhere.
Another example: a few years ago, I got a call of a 19 years ago born and raised as you go, he had snow, and sexual relationships with her, I had a life like a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit old.
I had an extreme form of a disease known as a continuous surface school.
I had 20 centers and in the top of the underground glands were so active that, in essence, they create a male hormone environment.
As a consequence -- their genes were school, their brain was exposed to the typical common component completely.
I was born with a kind of child and no one support anything.
And it was at the age of 19 years when he started having medical problems made by the inner metaphor, when the doctors discovered that, in fact, it was woman for inside.
Well, another quick example of a kind of interpretation.
Some people with 20 chromosomes develop what is known as objects, is to say, they have organic tissue in texting tissue.
We don't know why that happens.
So there's a lot of sex.
The reason that children with these kind of body are being emissions, black genomes, or interest, they sit to normal surgeries is not to be able to make a better physical health.
In many cases, people are perfectly healthy.
The reason you show various surgeries is that they're an threat for our social categories.
The system is basically based on the idea that a particular animal takes a particular identity.
We have the idea that it's going to be woman is to have a female identity, of course, will be black to say to have African animal in historic terms.
An incredibly simple idea.
And when you present a body that shows something quite different, we have problems with cooperation.
So we have very romantic ideas in our culture about individuals.
Our nation is based on a very romantic individual.
Imagine the amazing thing that is having children who are born as two people in the same body.
The most small case is last year with the African African career, Sandal Sea, he put up in the stream of his sex in the International Olympics.
A lot of reporters called to ask you, "What are you going to do to determine if Carnegie Seen is man or women?
And I had to explain them to the journalists that there is no experiment.
In fact, we now know that sex is so complicated that we have to admit that Nature doesn't bring a long line between men and women or extraordinary and sense and sense of interestingly, we're us who we treat that line.
So what we have is a situation in which the most advanced science, more we have to admit that these categories -- we thought they were distributed by the stable academic categories that are democracy directly more than what we thought.
And not only in terms of sex.
Also in terms of race, something that it turns out much more complicated than the temperature allows you.
As we look at it, we get into a space terrain.
We look for example, for example, the fact that we share at least 95 percent of DNA with chimpanzees.
What are we going to find out of the fact of different of them in just a few numbers?
And as we program in science, we get more time in an amazing area in which we have to recognize that the similar categories that we manage probably are too simple.
And we're looking at this in every human life.
One of them, for example, in our current culture, in the United States, are the struggles in the beginning and at the end of life.
It's hard to look at a moment of that a body is humanity and has different rights to the photos.
There are very advanced discussions today -- maybe not in public -- but I know within medicine -- it turns out when someone will be dead.
Our ancestors never had to turn them with this question of if someone was dead.
As a lot of you put a play in front of the nose and if you move it still no longer it.
If I stopped moving it.
But today we can, for example, extract vital organs of a body and put them into another body.
And as a consequence we have to face the dilemma to determine the death of somebody -- and this puts us in a difficult situation in which we don't have the simple categories of the past.
And perhaps you think that this explosion explosion could go to someone like me.
In politics I'm a program, depending to people with unusual bodies, but I have to admit me to be nervous me.
To consider that these categories are much more investment than we think about me.
Think of the concept of the concept of democracy.
And to tell you about this early tension I have to admit that I am a contract of American parents.
I know they were race, I know they were sex, but they were great.
I mean, they were so brave and authority and so radical in what they did, that I find me every single time looking at that music curves 1750 and not for music, which is completely passionate.
That's why happened in 177 with the French parents.
The French parents were for me, for me, the first activist activists and I explained why.
What they were rejected was a an atomic concept and replaced it with another that was radical and beautiful, and he was kept for 200 years.
And as you all remember, what our Nobel parents was the idea of the manager, the manager was based on a very simple concept of the analogy.
The mountains of the old world don't know DNA, but they had clear the idea of the right way.
They had the concept of blue blood.
They were about the idea that the political power was going to be the political power of blood travel of the grandmother to the father and then the son, and so on.
The Phoenix parents rejected that idea and replaced it for a new atomic concept and that concept was that all men are created as well.
They sold the game field and decided that the animal that matters was the atmosphere in common and not the animal differences -- that was something very radical.
And partly they were doing it because they were part of an industrial system in which they were spending two things.
It was managing democracy and at the same time I was born science.
And it was very clear, if we look at the history of the Phoenix parents, that many were very interested in science and the idea of a natural world.
They were available from the European explanations and by the way they rejected the concept of solar power transportationally, by an idea of the right idea.
They were moving into a natural concept.
And if you look at it, for example, the Declaration of the Internet, talk about nature and from nature.
They don't talk about God and the nature of God.
They talk about the power of Nature to tell you who we are.
And in consequence they were transforming the idea of atomic consciousness.
And when you do that, they were sitting the base of the future of the Civil rights.
They didn't think about that way, but they did it for us and it was great.
And what happened?
And women brought up.
Then I came up the success of the Civil rights movement with people from the California Track of Sanda Trade, who said, "I'm not a woman?
We found men in the mountains of the Civil rights movement.
Again, people of color that went to the atomic awareness about the atomic difference and again, they worked.
We see the same with the Democracy Movie.
The problem is, of course, that as we look at the consciousness we have to begin to ask questions why we keep certain dinosaurs.
But attention, I want to keep some academic division in our culture.
For example, I don't want to give a fish the same rights than a human.
I don't want to tell you that we should get back to the animal.
I don't want to say that the age of five years ago, they had to allow you to have sex relationships or stream.
There are some animals that for me to have sense of sense and I think we should keep it.
But the challenge is trying to figure out what they are, why do you keep them and if you have sense.
Well, let's go back to those two genes to the beginning of this talk.
We have two beings, both because of 1980s, exactly the same day.
Let's imagine that one of them, Mart, born three months before time -- one of June 1970s.
Hey, by the contrary, born in terms -- born one percent of 1980s.
The only fact that I had been born three months before Mary were killed all the rights three months before Henry -- the right to the sexual feeling -- the right to beauty."
Henry has to wait for all that not because having a different biological age, but because it was born later.
We found other roots in relation to their rights.
Hey, instead of being considered men -- if you don't tell you whether it's 25, in virtue of being considered men now is possible in the Olympic orange that Mary doesn't have to worry.
Marine, for his part, it doesn't have the same rights to marriage that Henry in all states, for example.
Henry can be killed in all states with a woman, but Mary can marry with a woman just in some states.
So they still pursue academic categories that in several aspects are problems and completely.
And now the question is, what do we do now that science goes so much in the field of the animal that we get to the point of having to admit that a democracy based on the atmosphere could get away?
I don't want to recognize science, but at the same time sometimes I feel like science is speaking.
Where are we?
It seems like what happens in our culture is a kind of protection access, "Well, we have to bring the line in some part, so we're going to do it.
But a lot of people are trapped in a weird position.
For example: Texas in a certain time has decided that to marry with a man you don't have to have chromosomes and that to marry with a woman you have to have a chromosome.
Now, in the practice they don't make these chromosomes to the people.
But this is also very strange about the story that I told you to the beginning of the U.S.
If we look at one of the founding parents of modern democracy, Dr. Martin Luther King, in his speech, "I have to depress a solution.
It says that we should play people who are saying not in the color of their skin, but in the content of his career, going beyond the analogy.
And I mean, "Yeah, the idea seems very good.
But in practice, how do you do it?
How are you going to play people at the content of their career?
I want to be sure that I'm not sure that we should be based on this to make them right to make them right to people, because I've got to admit that I know about some of the social services that probably deserve more social services that some humans I know.
I also want to say that perhaps some workers that I know can take more infection, smart and mothers about their sexual relationships than 40 than you know.
So how do you put it in practice the issue of care contact?
It turns out very difficult.
And one part of me ask you what happens if the character of a person could be measured with an instrument -- maybe with a magnetic resonance with a magnetic resonance with a magnetic resonance with a magnetic resonance with a magnetic resonance with a magnetic resonance with a magnetic resonance with a magnetic resonance with a magnetic resonance with a magnetic resonance with a magnetic resonance with a magnetic
Do we really want that point?
I'm not sure where we go.
What I know is that it seems to be very important than the United States is going to keep this kind of thinking of thinking about democracy.
We've done a good job in defense of democracy, and I think we do a good job in the future.
We don't live for example, for example, in a context like the irony that a man who feels attracted by other men is susceptible to be additionally, unless it's willing to show you to a security shift -- which case is allowed to live in.
We're not in that situation.
I was glad to say that we don't have a context like a surgeon that I talked about a couple of years ago that I had done a couple of years ago that I had made it to be able to be able to be able to be able to save them and so forth their family.
But when the phone, I asked the goal of operation, it was a very rich operation, I thought that in that other country these kids would be very male and so I had to do it.
What I said, "Well, has been considered the political situation instead of the traditional service?
The U.S. offers huge possibilities to people to be who they are without them to be able to change for the good.
So I think we have to be to the head.
Well, to end out that I've been talking a lot of the parents.
And I want to think about how democracy would be democracy, or as it could have been, if we would have given more participation to men.
And I want to say something a little bit radical for a feminist -- and it is that I think there can be different ideas of different animals, particularly if there are people thinking about groups.
Since years ago, since I've been interested in the interest, I've also been interested to investigate sexual difference.
And one of the things that has interested me are the differences between men and women at the way to think and operate in the world.
And what we know about traditional studies is that women in average, not all, but in average, they tend to pay more attention to complex social relationships and to get out of those who are vulnerable in the group.
And if we think about that, we have an interesting situation in our hands.
A few years ago, when I was in the program, one of my ancestors I knew that I was interested in the feminist -- I was considered a few the extraordinary planet.
"Tell me what the female of female.
And I thought, "It's the most stupid question I've heard.
The female has to do with giving the gender strategies, so there's no female in the firm?
But the more I've been thinking about his question, more that there is something female in the phenomena.
I mean, that there could be something, in average, something different between the female brain and the male that makes us more attention to complex social relationships and willing to help the most vulnerable social relationships.
So if the parents were very upset to find the way to protect people in part of the state, it is possible that there was more mothers to this concept -- maybe we would have done the concept of protection with the record support.
And perhaps that's what we have to do in the future when we take democracy beyond the animal, think less in the individual body, in terms of identity, and thinking more in relationships.
So as we try to create a most perfect, we think about what we do each other.
Thank you.
In 2004, I decided we had to recognize how we think about economic development.
Our new goal should be that when every family thinks where you want to go to live and work, having the possibility to choose between at least a bunch of different cities that are competing to attract new answers.
Well, at this moment, we're far away from that target.
There are thousands of millions of people in developing countries that don't tell a single city willing to get them.
But the amazing thing about cities is that they value much more than their construction cost.
So we could easily train the world, perhaps hundreds of new cities.
Well, this can be surprised if you've never thought about new cities.
But just replacing them by appropriate buildings.
Imagine that half the people who want to live in apartments are already protein and that the other half would still be done to get it.
They could try to increase the ability to make adaptations in all existing buildings.
But you know that the problem that you face is that those buildings and the areas that surround them have normal to avoid the molecules and behavioral distribution.
So it would be very difficult to do all those administrations.
But they could go to a completely new place, building a completely new, always new, and when the rules of that place make the construction instead of putting it out.
So I proposed that governments create new enough areas of good enough to contain cities and gave them a name.
Now, later I found that more or less at the same time, Japan and October were thinking about the challenge of representation Hong.
They knew that every year about 75 houses came out of their country to go to the United States, and they wanted to ask you what they could do to make sure that those people could stay and do those same things in Honors.
In the summer of 2009, Hong happened by a dramatic collaborative crisis.
In the next regular elections, Apple Lobele is driven by a platform in which I promised reforms and at the same time.
He asked Edula to be his boss of genome.
Meanwhile, I was preparing to give a talk at TED.
Through a process of perfect perspective, trial and error and a great amount of tests with users, tried to reduce this complicated concept of cities to their most essential ideas.
The first point was the importance of the norms, like those norms that say that you can't go and bother to all the current responsibility of approach.
We present a lot of attention to new technologies, but you need so many technologies as a little bit of technologies to protect -- and they are usually the rules that are able to move up.
In the 21st of 2010, a friend of Guard sent a student with TED.
I showed you.
They called me.
They said, "We have this to the leaders of our country.
So in December we got in Main, in a hot room of a hotel.
I tried to explain this point about how valuable the cities, much more valuable than their modern cost.
And I use this image that shows the value of land in a place like New York -- Finance: the fears that in some cases, they fly thousands of dollars per square feet.
But it was a pretty abstract discovery, and at some time, when there was a paradox, Edula said, "Hall, maybe we could see the video Talk video side.
And the talk described in very simple terms, that a state under state is a place where you start with factorial terms, a status that happens to be able to be able to go or not live under those norms.
So the President of Hong calls me, and he told me that we had to do this project, this is important, this could be the way that our country goes up.
I asked me to Television and talk about four and five.
So I presented another talk full of data, which includes an image like this, which was trying to explain that to get a lot of value to a city, this has to be very big.
This is a picture of Denis and the white line is the new airport that was built in Denmen.
Just this car covered over 100 miles care.
So I was trying to convince the contracts that to build a new city, you have to start with a site that measured for the less one billion square miles.
That's more than 100,000 acres a lot.
All of the world applied completely.
The faces of the audience were very serious and before.
The leader of Congress came up to the platform and said, "Peak Rome, thank you very much for his talk, but maybe we could see the video Talk video.
I have this in my computer.
So I sat and showed the TED TED.
And this explains the essential thing, that a new city can offer new choices for people.
There would be an option of a city to which they could be in Honors, instead of hundreds of miles from the north.
And it also involves new choices for leaders.
Because the leaders of London government will need help from all cases -- they could benefit from the countries that are associated to help them to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to trust the state of the stadium, so that everyone could trust the status that the status is really completely.
We went and saw a site.
This picture is there.
It could be easily a thousand square miles.
And a little bit later, the 19 percent of energy, came back in Congress to start their constitution and add a conventional device that allows you to create these special kinds of development.
In a country that I had just been going through this pain crisis, the vision in the Congress in favor of this conventional understanding was 1940 to one.
All the parties in the society, they represent.
In order to get in Congress, you have to play two times in Congress.
The 17 percent was played again in another value, from 114 to one.
It immediately after the value of 244, 24 percent of February -- a decline of about 30 houses was to the two places in the world who are more interested in engaging cities of cities.
One of them is Korea.
This is a picture of a new percent of the city that is building in Korea. It's bigger than the Boston center.
All that you see there was about four years after you spent four years to get the persons.
The other whole country in building cities is symbol.
In fact, they've already built two cities in China, and they're prepared for a third one.
And if you think about this, this is the point where we are.
They have a site, and they're already thinking about a site for the second city.
They are preparing a legal system that will allow the researchers to come in, and at the time to be allowed to operate under an external legal system.
A country has already been committed to allow her Supreme Super is the ultimate and the last actual system.
There are an urban and construction construction that are very interested in the project.
You can even get some finally.
But the only thing we know you've already solved is that they have a good number of health.
There are many companies who would want to install in America, especially in a place with a free common zone, and there's a lot of people who would like to live there.
In the world there are seven million people who say they would like to change immediately to another place.
There is a million of the year that comes out of Latin America.
A lot of them are parents that have to leave their family to go to get a job, sometimes they have to win money to just eat or buy clothes.
Sadly, sometimes there are even children who are trying to get up with their parents who haven't seen in some cases, in a decade.
So what seems to think about building a new city in Hongy" in Hong?
Or build a dozen of these, or a hundred of these around the world?
What does it seem to think about it for the families to choose between many cities that are competing to attract new research?
This is an idea that comes out of it.
And my colleagues asked me to say, "Thank you TED."
I'm Jesuber, and this is my value.
But before I'm going to show you what there is, I'm going to make a public conference, and it is that, I live obsessed with the trees.
I love to find it up, sense, and more recently, to photograph and put it in my blog brought up, colorful and different for each other.
But I didn't buy anything new.
All my clothes is a second hand of manual markets and tons of second hand.
Oh, thank you.
The second hand kept me to reduce the impact of my lab in the environment and my billion.
I got to know people interesting, by the general of my money is going to a good cause. My aspect is unique, and I would buy it into my personal sea search.
So what am I going to find today?
Are my talk?
Would I like the color?
Will you cost less than 20 dollars.
If all the answers are positive, then I feel that I've won.
Going back to the theme of my value, I want to tell you what empathy for this exciting week at TED.
Is it to say, what do you get all that role of a role?
So I'm going to show you exactly what I brought up.
I have brought seven pairs of inner clothes, and nothing else.
I went up in a week for exactly a week is all I've put in my value.
I imagined that it would be able to find everything else that I wanted to use after you get here to Mala Serial.
And I don't know as the woman who was walking by TED in the inner root,  that means I found some things.
And I'd like to show you now the passwords for this week.
Isn't it interesting?
As I do it, I'm also going to tell you some of the lessons of life that I think about or not, I learned in this adventure of not using new clothing.
Let's start with the machine.
This is called breathe grade.
You don't have to spend a lot of money to see good.
Almost you can always see a phenomenon for less than 50 dollars.
All the country, including the chest, I fell 55, and it's the most expensive thing I've used in the week.
Women, color is energy.
It's almost impossible to be a bad human, when you're seeing a brilliant red screen.
If you're happy, you're going to attract other happy people.
Marters, ignorance is surprised.
I've spent a lot of time in life trying to be myself.
Just yourself.
If you surround the right people, you won't just understand you -- you can also appreciate you.
Micropistors, Google of the child you take inside.
Sometimes people tell me that it looks like it looks like that play to the gods, or that I remember to her small six years.
I like to see you and tell you, "Thank you.
Johns: The trust is the key.
If you think you do well with something, it's almost sure you are.
And if you think you don't see a good thing with something, it's probably true.
My mother taught me this day after day.
But it was not until the 30 years I really understood his meaning.
And I'm going to explain it in a few seconds.
If you think you are a beautiful person in your inner and external person, there's no way you can't get up.
So there's no excuse for no one of this audience.
We need to be able to achieve everything we want to do.
Thank you.
Rives: A universal truth, six words for you, the death leaders go with everything.
And finally, I was going to develop a very large person and only a great way to tell the world something about you without having to say a word.
I've tested it over and again when people were going to be about this week just so I was using it, and we had fantastic.
Obviously all this is not going to be in my small value.
So before I went home, to Brazil, I'm going to leave everything.
Because the lesson I'm trying to learn this week is that you have to leave certain things.
I don't need to be excited to these things, because at the top of the corner, there will always be another crazy suit -- colorful and brilliant speech, if there's a little bit of love in my heart and looking for it.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
This is a representation of your brain that we can divide in two parts.
The left side, which is the logical part, and the right side, which is the intuitive part.
So if we use a scale to measure the authority of every tool, we could design a plan of our brain.
For example, this would be a little bit of language.
This would be someone who is completely intuitive.
So where do you get your brain in this scale?
Some of these extreme and I think for most of the intentions of this audience, their brain is something that -- with a great attitude in both several temperatures at the same time.
It's not that they are extremely exciting.
You can be logical and intuitive.
I consider me one of those people, that as most of the other economic physical physical physical physicists we need quite logical to contain these complicated ideas.
But at the same time, we need quite clever to make the experiments really work.
How do we develop this information? Well, we like to play with things.
We tend to play with them and then we see how they react -- and then we develop our intuition from that point.
And actually, you do the same thing.
A certain intuition that you can have developed with the past of the years is which says that one thing can be only in a place at the time.
I mean, it can sound weird to think that one thing is in two different places at the same time, but you didn't notice with this nation, they developed.
I remember looking at a child playing in a state bar.
It was a small child, and I didn't do it very well, always each other.
But I bet that I play with that track bar to tell you a valuable lesson -- and it is that the big things don't allow them, and they stay in a place.
This is a great concept model that you can have the world, except you are a particle failure.
It would be a terrible model for a particle physics, because they don't play with the statistically state barriers, play with these strange particles play.
And when they play with their particles discover that they do all sorts of real things -- as you can bring walls, or you can be in two different places at the same time.
And then they wrote all these observations and called the quantum mechanics.
In that point, I found a few years ago, you need the quantum mechanics to describe those little particles.
But you don't need to describe the big objects that surround us every day.
That was not very good at my imagination, and maybe it's because I don't play very often with particles.
Well, sometimes play with them, but not a lot.
And I've never seen them.
I mean, never nobody saw a particles.
But it's not a good thing to my logical part.
Because if everything is made of small particles and all the small particles follow the principles of quantum mechanics, then I shouldn't have all to follow the principles of quantum mechanics, right?
I don't find the reason why it shouldn't be.
And so I would feel much better if I could somehow demonstrate that a common object also followed the principles of quantum mechanics.
That's why a few years ago, I proposed to do exactly that.
And I did.
This is the first object that you can see that it's been in a quantum mechanics.
What we see here is a little computer chip.
And you can try to see the green dot right in the middle.
That's the piece of metal I'm going to talk about a minute.
This is a picture of the object.
And here I am going to take a little bit. You find right in the center.
And then here we do a really big approach to the small metal rate.
What we see is a little piece of metal -- with form of travel and that support support in a platform.
And then I did this almost in the same way that you would make a computer chip.
I went to a clean room with a new solution, and I started working all the great machines for about 100 hours.
For the last material, I had to build my own machine -- to do this work with a form of radiation paradigm that is found under the device.
This device has the ability to be in a quantum subjective, but for it needs a little bit of help.
Let me make an analogy.
You know how uncomfortable it is to be in a full of people.
I mean, when I am in a sleep, I do all sorts of weird things, but then when other people came out before doing those things, because I don't want to be a software, or actually study.
The quantum mechanics says the immune objects behave the same way.
The emergency companies are not only people, it's also the light that the light and the wind that happens to their side and the heat of the room.
So we knew that if we wanted this piece of metal to be composed to the quantum mechanics, we would have to push all the other states.
And that was what we did.
We put the lights and then we introduced an audience and we extract all the air, and then we choose it to a text of less than a degree for about the absolute actual.
Now, when it's only in the sleep, the small piece of metal is free to act as you want.
So we measure their movement.
We discovered it moves in very strange forms.
Instead of getting perfectly like, I was looking at it, and the way I was looking at it was like a responsibility of this way -- as a subject that comes up and comes in.
And when you give you a little bit of subjective, we could make free and no longer at the same time -- something that only happens with quantum mechanics.
So what I'm telling you is something really fantastic.
What does it mean that a free thing and doesn't visit at the same time?
Think about atoms.
In a case, all of the tents of atoms that trust that metal piece of metal are the ones and at the same time, those same atoms are moving up for up and below.
It's just in the early decades when those are falling.
In the rest of time they're developed.
It wants to say that every atom is in two different places at the same time, which means that all the metal piece is in two different places.
I think this is great.
All right.
It was worth in a clean room to do this for all those years, because you look at this, the difference in scale between one atom and that piece of metal is more or less the same than the difference between that piece of metal and you.
So if a single thing can be in two different places at the same time, and that piece of metal can be in two different places, why don't you do it?
I mean, it's my logical part that I talk about.
So imagine if you were in several places at the same time, how would it be that?
How do you accept your consciousness if your body was engaged in space?
There is another part of the story.
And it's when we call it, and we find the lights and look inside the box, we saw that the metal followed there in a single piece.
And I was able to get to this new imagination, seemingly all the objects in the elephant actually are a quantum objects that are simply done in a small space.
You hear a lot about a lot about the quantum mechanics that everything is interconnected.
Well, that's not so true.
It's more than that, it's more profound than that.
It's that those connections, your connections to all the things that surround you, literally define who you are. And that's the depths of quantum mechanics.
Thank you.
My name is America.
And 18 months ago, I did another job in Google, until I launched the idea of doing something related with museums and art to my boss who is here and I allowed me to take it back to it.
I took me 18 months ago.
A lot of business and stories are done, with 17 very interesting museums of new countries.
But I'm going to focus on it.
There is a lot of stories from why we did.
I think my own story is explained simply in this slide and this is the access.
I grew up in India.
It comes from a great education, I don't have access to many of these museums and artwork.
So when I started traveling and go to museum, I started learning a lot.
And working in Google, try to do the desire to make it more accessible by technology.
So we formed a team, a great team of people, and we started doing it.
More than showing you a couple of interesting things that we have taken out of their level.
So let's just go to Gover.
Look around all the museum that there is.
It's the graduate galaxy, the MRIM, the Revice, the Galaxy Google.
I'm actually going to go into one of my favorites -- the Metaboan Museum Museum Museum Museum museum.
There are two ways to do it -- very simple.
We click and call, we are about the museum.
It doesn't matter where they are, Obama or Mexico, that doesn't really matter.
You move up there and they discover.
Do you want to navigate the movie?
We open up the top of the top, and with one click, we go back inside.
They're inside that they want to go at the end of the particular.
They're going to be disappear.
They explore.
Thank you, but I've never come to the best.
Now I'm in front of my favorite paintings, "The Congress Peter Center in the Metaboa.
I see the wind.
If the museum shows us the image, we make civic there.
Look, this is one of the images.
Here is all the metal information.
For those of you who are really interested in art, you can click up there, but I'm going to make care right now.
And this is one of the images we have captured in what we call surveillance technology.
So this image, for example, I think, about 10,000 billion perfects.
And there are many people who ask me, "What do you get with 10,000 billion expensives?
So I'm going to show you what it really comes to 10,000 million.
It can be done around a very simple way.
You see different things that are happening.
I love this girl, his expression has no price.
But if you really want to die.
So I started playing it, and I found me with something that happened there.
And I said, "A moment, this seems interesting.
And I went up and found that kids were actually playing something.
I invented a little bit, I talked with some people from the Metabolic, and I actually discovered that this is a game called "I an engineered block of the Carbon market.
And it was very popular.
I don't know why they did, but I've learned something about it.
And we are now going to stay more in deep and see that you can really get the grasslands.
Now just to give you a little bit of perspective, I'm going to get the image, so you can really see what there is.
Here's where we were, and this is the painting.
The best is to come, a second.
So now we are rapidly going to jump back again to Mamin in New York.
Here's another one of my favorite favorites, "The night noise?
The example I showed was to find detail.
But what if you want to see the penguins?
And if you want to see how Grava actually created this story story?
And it increases it and really do it.
I'm going to one of my favorite parts in this field, and I'm really going to get the grass.
This is "The night night, I think I had never seen this before.
I'm going to show you another of my favorite function.
There are many things more here, but I don't have time to show you.
This is the really cool part. It's called "Children?
All of you, absolutely all, no matter if it's rich or poor, or if you have a management, that gives the same.
You can actually create your own museum, create your own collection from all these images.
It's very simple, we come in, --  -- I've created this function that I call "The power of the Earth, -- we just have a robot around it.
It's about "The "midsts in the National Galaxy of London.
You can support things, send it to your friends and maintain a conversation about what you feel when they feel to control these standards stories.
So in conclusion, I think for me, the main thing is that all the amazing things really don't come from Google.
No, in my opinion, even one of the museum.
Maybe I shouldn't say this.
Actually, they come from those artists.
And that has been my human experience with this.
I mean, I hope that in this digital medium make justice to your art of art, and it's represented directly online.
And the great question that you do today is, "You did this to repeat the experience of going to a museum?
And the answer is no.
It's to take the experience.
And that's it. Thank you.
Thank you.
Good afternoon.
I have something to show you.
Think of it is a piece, a flying skin.
In our lab we call it sensory design.
I'm going to tell you a little bit about this.
If you look at this picture -- I'm an Italian origin -- all the kids in Italy grow with this picture in the wall of its democracy, but the reason I showed you this is that there's something really interesting in the roads of France one in the last two decades.
A few time ago, if you wanted to win a crime of France one, I took a budget, and I had a good car and a good car.
And if the car and the pilot, they were good enough -- you won the career.
This is what in engineering, in engineering, is called a real time.
In essence, it's a system that has two components. A sensor and an accident.
Today the interesting thing is that the control systems in real time are starting to go into our lives.
Our cities in the last few years, have been covered networks and electricity.
They're becoming computer computers.
And as a thing, they're starting to respond differently, and they can be detected and action.
By managing cities is a big thing.
As I noticed I wanted to mention that cities are only 20 percent of the orbit of the planet but represent 50 percent of the global population.
75 percent of the energy consumption -- and to 80 percent of the CO2 emissions.
If we could do something with cities, it would be a big thing.
Beyond cities, all of these decisions and activities are entering our everyday objects.
This is from an exploration of Paul Anderson for late year in the Moside, during the summer.
It's called "The "The "The "The Hey "The TED."
Well, our objects, the environment, start to talk about.
In a way is as if almost all of the existing atoms are becoming sensors and activities.
And that's changing the interaction that as humans we have with the outside environment.
In some sense, it's almost like in the old sun of Michael King.
You know, when you look at the Girl school Local Local, he says that at the end, I took the horse, and he brought him to the mountains in fact you can't see a small film, and he said, "The don't talk to you?"
Well, today, our environment starts talking about.
And I'm going to show you just a few examples -- inspired in the idea of capturing the environment and access something.
Let's start with design.
The first project I wanted to share with you is actually one of the first projects of our lab.
This was four years ago and half in Italy.
It was a summer with luck.
It was the year that Italy won the World Countration.
Maybe some of them remember it, they played Italy, and France, and at the end Liberal gave the head.
And anyway, at the end of the end galaxy.
Now let's look at what happened that day looking at the active activity in the network.
Here we see the city.
You see the Hadron in the middle of the Middle Tree.
It's the morning, before the play.
The line line is in the top.
On the end of the end there are people around here and they are doing called them.
It starts the party, silence.
Gold France de Israel.
Extremism: People make a quick call and goes to the bathroom.
Second period of time.
First extra time. second.
Video, and in a moment, the health.
Ganda European, okay?
That night everyone was to celebrate the center.
You see the big picture.
The next day they all went to the center of the winning team and the first minister of then.
And then all the world.
You see the image of the place called Fire Martin where, from the week -- people will celebrate -- it's a great party, you can see the peak at the end of the day.
This is just an example of how we can measure the pulse of the city in a way that we wouldn't have a few years ago.
Another quick example of decision, it's not about people, but of things that we use and we build.
Today we know everything about the process of our objects.
This is a map that shows all the kids that make a map, how they're allowing.
But we know very little about where things are.
So in this project, we developed a small tag to drag the trash in their speech for the system.
We started with a little bit of volunteers that helped us in Seattle a little more than a year, to tag what they were developing, different kinds of things, as you can see, things that all of us would be able to be.
Then we put them a little chip, a little school, to the trash and then we started to translate it.
These are the results of them.
Salitan of Seattle.
After a week.
With this information we realized that there are many choices in the system.
We can do the same with much less energy.
These are data that they don't exist.
They're happening complicated things, and there's a lot of independent transportation.
But the other thing we think is that if we see all the days that the cup that we develop doesn't disappear -- which is still somewhere on the planet.
That if the plastic bottle that we break up a day still is there.
That if we showed that to people, then we can promote some behavioral change.
That was the reason of the project.
My colleague, Associa Beam, could tell us a lot more about depression and many other cool things that we can do with that, but I wanted to go to the second part that we mentioned to the beginning, which is access about the environment.
And the first project is something we did a couple of years ago in Barrator.
Everything started with a question of the city of the city, which came and told us that Spain and South Europe have a beautiful tradition of the water in public spaces in the architecture.
And the question was, how can the technology, the new technology, will use that?
And one of the ideas that we developed in MIT, in a talk, it was, imagine that they have a coffee and very very subjective, flowing lights that are open and creature.
It's created as a water of water, with water shapes.
If you fall the pixels you can write in them, I'm going to show patterns, images, textives.
And when you zoom up, the barrier will open so that we could go on, as you see in the image.
We presented this to the Black Blue.
He liked a lot.
And you have a compassion to design the building to the expert of the axis.
We call it Palestine Dance.
All the building is made of water.
There are no door, no windows -- but when you add it open to you that you can happen.
The roof is also covered water.
And if there's a little bit of wind, if you want to minimize the salifances, you go down the roof.
Or you can close the building and all of the architecture, like in this case.
Those days, there will always be someone in the winter when you get the roof, someone who was there, and he said, "Get the building.
No, it's not that they have doubled, but when it goes down almost all the architecture of accepting it.
This is in function.
You see people interested by what happens inside.
And here I'm myself trying to let me try to test the sensors that open the water.
I think I should tell you what happened a night when all the sensors stopped working.
That night was actually more fun.
All the children in Barrel came to building because the way we interact had changed a little bit.
It was no longer a building that was going to leave you to go on, but a building I kept doing core and water holes and one had to jump to be able to be able to be able to be able to move.
(Because of our people, and for us that was really interesting because as an architect, engineers, designers -- we always think about the use that people will give us to our designs.
But then reality is always important.
And that's the beauty of doing things to interact that people use.
This is an image of the building with physical images, the water emerges, and of projects about them.
And this is what led us to think about the next project I'm going to show you.
Imagine that those magnets could begin to fly.
Imagine you could have small helicopters in the air and that each one had a little picture that changes color as if it was a cloud that moves in space.
This is the video.
Imagine a helicopter, as we saw before, which is moving with other in symbol.
We could form this cloud.
A kind of flexible screen like this with a normal configuration in two dimensions.
Or normal, but in three dimensions, where what changes is the light, not the position of the emergence.
You can play with a different guy.
Imagine that the screen appeared in different scales and size, in different kinds of resolution.
And then all of that was able to be a cloud of pictures in 3D to which you can zoom in, and you can go up, and see from very diverse numbers.
This is the real contract of control, going down down to form a Vie, as a before.
When the light, you see this -- the same thing we saw before.
Imagine each of them controlled for a person.
We can have every page with a strength that comes from people, the movement of people, and so on.
I want to show you something for the first time.
We've been working with Robert Boy -- one of the best whale whales of today, the star of the New York and the Millen Sature to capture their movements in 3D.
Here we can see Robert based.
On the left you see the pictures, the chapter in different solutions.
It's so much diagnosed 3D in real time as a movement of movement.
It can rebuild all the movement.
You can remember all the way.
And once we have the pictures, we can play with them, with color and movement, with gravity and robotic.
We want to use this as a possible power for Flexic.
I wanted to show you the last project that we're working in.
It's something for the Olympic Olympics.
It's called the Network.
And the idea is, imagine again, that we could invent people to do something and change our environment as a cloud of nervous, like a black crisis, but with a cloud.
Imagine that we could make a little bit for a little bit.
And I think the remarkable thing that has happened in the last few years is that, in the last two decades, we spent the physical world to the digital world.
We've digitized everything like knowledge, and it's accessible through the Internet.
Today, for the first time and the Obama campaign we showed us, we can go out of the digital world, the collective power of networks, the physical world.
In our case, this may want to use it to design and make a symmetry.
That means something built in a city.
But tomorrow can be to tackle the challenges of today, think about climate change or CO2 emissions -- how about the digital world to the physical world?
The idea is that we can make people involved to do this together, in a collective way.
The cloud is a cloud, again, made of pictures in the same way that the real cloud is a particular cloud.
And those particles are water, while in our clouds are perfect.
It's a physical structure in London, but covered of perfects.
You can move on the inside, having different experiences.
You can see from the bottom of the bottom to share the main moments of 2008 and even more, and can be used as a form of connection with the community.
So it's so much a physical cloud of sky as something that you can know, like a new film of London.
You can get there.
As if it was a new digital fiber in night, but the most important thing is that it will be a new experience for any one that goes to the top.
Thank you.
Would you like to be better than you are it?
Suppose I would tell you that, with only a few changes in their genes, could improve memory -- for a more accurate and faster.
Or maybe you would like to be in better way, being more strong, having more resistance.
Would you like to be more activity and insurance of themselves.
What about living more health health?
Or maybe they are about those people who always wanted to be more creative.
What do you want to like this?
What would you like to choose something?
(Music of Australia, creativity. creativity.
How many people will choose creativity.
Raise the hand. Let me see.
Peaces. You probably have the amount of creative creative people.
That's really good.
How many of the memorial means?
A few more.
And the physical state.
A little less.
What about the level?
Oh, most of them makes me feel very well as a doctor.
If you could have some of this the world would be very different.
Is it just imagination?
Or maybe it's possible?
Evolution has been a permanent topic here in the TED conference, but today I want to give you the sea of a doctor about the issue.
The great generation of the 20th century, TED. Tonian that I had done in the Royal Russia, wrote a called "Northeast self-study to the light of evolution?
But if you effectively accept biological evolution to consider this, it's just about the past, or the future?
Does the other or us?
This is another look at the tree of life.
The human part of this rate, well in an extreme one, is, of course, which is the most interesting.
We had a common ancestors with modern chimpanzees about six or eight million years ago.
In the interface has been perhaps 20 or 25 different species of humanity.
Some of them have gone and flight.
We've been here about 10,000 years old.
It could seem like we are very far from other parts of this tree of life, but actually in its most basic machinery of our cells is more or less the same.
Do you realize that we can apply and control the machinery of a common bacteria to produce the protein of human immune that are used to treat the diagestics?
This is not like the human investment, but it's the same protein protection, which comes out of the pressure.
And talking about bacteria -- you realize that we all take in the most bacterial mind that the cells we have in the rest of the body?
Maybe 10 times more.
I mean, think of -- when Alexander Damanian will pay the school of the attraction, think about the bacteria.
The interface is a wonderful environment for those bacteria.
It's climate, dark, member, is very accelerate.
And we're going to provide all the nutrients that you can want no effort of their parts.
It's really like a quick way for the bacteria of the ethical interaction of some particular supply to the surface.
But we are a wonderful environment for those bacteria as they are essential for our life.
They help define essential nutrients and protect us from certain diseases.
But what are the future?
Are we in a kind of evolutionary balance as a species?
Or decided to become something different, something better adapted to the environment?
And in this very exciting synthetic single universe of the universe, life in Earth is like a brief company, the animal kingdom as a single company and the human life, a small note.
That was us.
And it was also the opposite part of this talk, so I hope that I hope they have enjoyed it.
When I grew back to college, I had my first kind of biology.
I was fascinated by choice and beauty of biology.
I fell out of the power of evolution, and I realized about something fundamental -- most of the existence of life, in the health organisms, every cell is divided and all the genetic energy of that cell is transmitted to the two children street.
But when the molecular organisms, things start to change.
It enters the sexual reproduction.
And something very important, with the appearance of sexual reputation that happens the genome, the rest of the body becomes prevention.
In fact, you could say that the invention of death death enters in evolution in the same time of sexual reproduction.
I have to convince you that when I was college student, I thought, well, sex, sex, death for sex -- it seemed quite reasonable at that moment, but with every year I was going on, every time I had more disappearing.
I was going to understand George Budds, who still played in the great good in their 90 years.
And one night, someone hits his hotel.
He opens the door.
In front of it, you find a wonderful ball of roll.
I looked at it, and he says, "I've got a sea of sex search."
"It's okay, he says George, "I go out the source?
I realized, as a doctor, which was working for a different goal to the goal of evolution, not necessarily conceptually, just different.
I was trying to preserve the body.
I wanted to be healthy.
I wanted to reclaim health in disease.
I wanted to live more and more healthy.
The evolution is going to be the genome to the next generation to the next generation and addressing and generation after generation.
From an evolutionary view of view, you and I are like self-study codes to send the genetic load to the next original level, and then let you fall into the sea.
I think we all understand the sense of World Anderson when he said, "I don't want to achieve the immunity through my work.
I want to do it not diet?
Evolution is not necessary to longevity.
It doesn't necessarily grow the biggest or the stronger or the faster, and not even the most smart thing.
The evolution comes to the best admiring to their environment.
That's the only proof of survival and success.
In the bottom of the ocean of the ocean that you can survive the heat of the families that would produce if there were fish in there, I fish running to the vacuum.
So what this means is, when we look at what's happening in evolution, and if we go back to think about the place of humans in evolution, and in particular, if we look at the next decade, I would say there are many possibilities.
The first one is we don't evolved.
We've reached a kind of balance.
And the suicide reasoning would be that by medicine in the first place, we've been able to preserve a lot of genes that otherwise would have been developed and embraced from the population.
And secondly, as a species, we have confirmed our environment for us to be adapted to us as we adapt to it.
And by the way, let's remember, and we tell us so much that no longer is possible to have the engagement necessary for the evolution.
A second possibility is that it takes an evolution of the traditional type of nature, natural the forces of nature.
And the argument here would be -- that the agencies of evolution are broken space, but they're interesting.
And in the time of the school, when as a kind of special planets are going to exist the atmosphere and environmental changes that can produce evolution.
But there is a third possibility -- an artificial possibility and an amazing and a land.
The revolution, the new evolution, which is not just natural but graduate and chosen for us as individuals in the decisions we're going to do.
Now, how could it happen?
How could we get to do this?
First, we consider the reality that many people today, in some culture, are taking decisions about their destiny.
In some culture, they are getting more views than women.
It's not a really good thing for society, but it's what it comes to individual and family.
Think of it also that if it was possible to choose not only the sex of their describely, but in your own body to make the genetic artifacts to cure or prevent diseases.
And if we could make genetic changes to remove diabetes or Alzheimer's or reduce the risk of cancer or even communication the appropriate of cancer.
Do you want to do those changes in their genes.
If we look at the future that kind of changes will be increasingly more possible.
The Human Genome Project started in 1991, and I was 12 years old.
It costs 2,000 million dollars.
At the next year, in 2004, I could do the same job for 20 million dollars in three or four months.
Today, you can get a complete sequence of three billion pairs of the human genome to a cost to 20 and in a week.
It's not going to be a lot to make a lot of the human genome for 10,000 and will be increasingly at the way of all.
You get those changes.
The same technology that has produced human inspiration in bacteria can make viruses that are not only going to protect them from them, but they are going to drive the community against other virus.
Believe or there is no experimental trial in course with the vaccine against crazy influence in cells.
Can you imagine something good for the tablet?
That's really today, and in the future is going to be increasingly more possible.
Imagine then only other little changes.
Can you change the cells of your bodies, but if you could change the cells of your design?
And if you could change the sperm and the vulnerable, or change the freedom record, and give your kids a better opportunity of a more healthy life, to remove the diabetes, to reduce the risk of cancer.
Who doesn't want children more single kids?
And then that same atomic technology, that same motor of science that can produce the changes to prevent diseases to allow us to be allowed to make selection security.
Why don't you have the ingenuity of a Ken Kennels about everything if you could put it with the next generation of the Wastest machine.
Why don't you have a faster training muscle that allows us to get faster and more distribution?
Why don't you live more time?
This is going to be amazing.
And when we're in conditions of taking this next generation and we can adopt the attributes that we want to have become the evolution of before the revolution.
We're going to take a process that could normally take 100 years ago, and we can see it to 1,000 years and maybe happens within the next 100 years.
These are choices that their grandchildren, or the grandchildren of their grandchildren, are going to be about them.
Are we going to use these choices in a better society, more successful, more constantly?
Or are we going to choose relatively different attributes that we want for some of us but not for the enough?
Are we going to build a society that is more boring and more common or more robotic and more really more service?
This is the kind of question we're going to have to face.
And most of all, we're going to be able to develop the wisdom and to inherit the wisdom necessary to make these decisions really?
For good or for bad, and before you could think, these choices are going to depend from us.
Thank you.
Imagine a great explosion when you are to 900 feet tall.
Imagine an airplane full of smoke.
Imagine a motor doing clear, click, climate.
Of course, click, click, climate.
Well, I had a little seat that day -- I was sitting in the 1980s.
It was the only one I could talk to the flight.
So I immediately looked at them, and they said, "There is no problem. We probably put some billions.
The pilot had already looked at the plane, and we weren't so far.
You could see Many.
Two minutes later, three things left at the same time.
The pilot goes up with the Hanger Church.
It's generally not the car.
I put the motor motors.
Imagine being in a plane and without noise.
And then he said three words.
The three most detailed words that I've heard.
He said, "Get for the impact.
I didn't have to talk more with the flight.
I could see it in your eyes.
And life was sitting.
I want to share with you three things that I learned about myself that day.
I learned that everything changed in a moment.
We have this list of things to do before dying, these things that we want to do in life, and I thought about all the people who wanted to get and I didn't do it, all the things I wanted to repair and never had.
While I thought about that, I got a sentence, which is, "Children saw bad children.
Because if the wine is ready and the person is there, I'm going to open it.
I don't want to apply anything in life.
And that organization, that purpose has actually changed my life.
The second thing that I learned that day -- and this is while we traveled the George George Pole, which was not for a lot -- I thought about it, "Lawer, I really feel a great wish.
I've lived a good life.
In my humanity and with my mistakes I've tried to improve everything I did.
But in my humanity I also gave me back to my seat.
And then the time that disappeared in things that don't matter with people who matter.
And I thought about my relationship with my wife, with my friends, with the people.
And then as a measure in that, I decided to remove the negative energy of my life.
It's not perfect, but it's a lot better.
In two years, I haven't had a fish with my wife.
It's feeling wonderful.
It's not trying to be right. It's going to be happy.
The third thing I learned -- and this is like your mental clock, you know, "When your mental clock.
You see the water.
I'm saying, "Please flight.
I don't want this in 20 pieces as you see in those documents.
And as we were, I had the feeling of the front, "House, die not fear.
It's almost like we have been prepared for it all our life.
But it was very sad.
I didn't want to go. I love my life.
And that strategy was engaged in a single thinking, which is, just desire one thing.
I could see my kids grow.
A month later, I was in an act of my daughter -- first grade, not a lot of artistic that --  --                                               And
And for me, that was all the reason of being the world.
In that point, I understood those two points, that the only thing that matters in my life is to be a great father.
For all, the only goal I have in life is to be a good father.
I was considered a miracle -- not die that day.
And I got another gift, which was the possibility of looking at the future and go back and live in another way.
So you are flying today, the challenges to imagine that the same thing happens in your plane -- and please it doesn't be -- but imagine and how do you change it?
What's going to do, they still hope to do because you think they're going to live for it?
How would they change their relationships and the negative energy in them?
And the most important, are the best parents that you can."
Thank you.
I clearly have been blessed in life with many amazing projects.
But the biggest thing I worked was for this guy.
The guy is called TED.
TED was one of the most important farmers in the 1970s.
One day came to his house after running and said, "Dad, I feel a manufacture in the legs."
And that was the beginning of the ELC.
Today TED has a total particles.
It can only use the eyes.
His job in me.
I have a design company and animation, so obviously the graffiti is something that we admire and respond in the world of art.
So we decided that we were going to pay Tony Tonish, TED, and his cause.
So I went and kept me with his brother and his father and I said, "Let's give you this money.
What are you going to do with it?
And his brother said, "I just want to talk to Tony again.
I just want to communicate with him, and he is able to communicate with me."
And I said, "A second, is not that I saw Stephen Habble, is not that all people with participants can communicate through those speeches?
And he said, "No, unless you are some important, and you have a very good sense of a very good sense of it.
These devices are not affordable for people.
And I said, "Well, how do you communicate them?
Does anybody look at the movie and the male?
They communicate that way. They go back with the finger.
I said, "That's an architecture. How can it be?
So I was presented with the only desire to get a child and instead of that I started a chip that didn't have the best idea of how I was going to cover it.
I bought me with his brother and with his father there and his father there at that moment, like, "Okay, this is the treatment. Tony is going to talk to you, we're going to build a way to make your art again.
Because it's ridiculous.
So I talked about a couple of months later.
I met these guys called Galaxy Readle Reader, which has a technology that allows them to project a light in any surface, and then with a laser period, they draw about that and regenerate the negative space.
So they're going to be doing art facilities like this.
All the things that you have, they say, they're part of a cycle of life.
First, they start with the sexual organs and then with the bad words, after the attacks to Bush and at the end, people start doing art.
But there was always a cycle of life in their presentation.
And so I started the journey.
And a few years later, about a year later, after a year later, after a lot of organization and a lot to move things on one side to another one we had done a couple of things.
One, we played the doors of security companies, and we got a machine to TED could communicate, a machine like Stephen Handship.
Which was great.
And seriously, it's the most fun -- I call it "Well, because when I talk to the guy you get an electronic email of it, and you say, "I don't miss it. This guy is fantastic.
The other thing we did was to bring seven programmers around the world literally from every corner of the planet to our house.
My wife, kids and I, we moved up to the back of the back and these hackers and computers and constantly took the control of the house.
A lot of our friends thought that we did something completely stupid and when we went back to have taken the boxes of the walls and their place would be free.
But for two weeks we program, we went to the sea of Vermica, my son was part of my dog too, and we created this.
It's called Licky "Screen?
They are a couple of greenhouse gases that we buy in the sea of Vietant Brown, some of the color called Martin Desert and Radiat Saum.
We take a CAPOCA camera, we opened it, we put it on a light of LED and now there's a device that is free.
And we create a device that doesn't have limited at all.
There is no security company that says, "No."
There is no hospital that can say, "No."
Any person with participants today has access to draw and communicate using your eyes.
Thank you.
Thank you very much to you.
So at the end of the two weeks we went back to TED.
I love this picture because this is the room of another person, and that's his room.
There was all this bubble and advantage for the great increase.
And then over a year of plants, two weeks of production, two intense versions of all night, Tony came back to draw for the first time in seven years.
And this is a wonderful picture because this is the presence system of your life and is looking through the opposite system of your life.
We ran the bed so that I could see.
And we put a project about a wall of the hospital of the hospital.
And he went back to the first time in front of his family and friends and you can imagine what the feeling was in the stage.
The funny thing was that we had to eradicate in the stage, so we feel like we were reading the graffiti as well.
At the end of this he gave us an electronic email and this was what we said, "This was the first time I was recorded in seven years.
I felt like I had been under the water and someone came up to rescue me and I was going to be able to breathe.
Isn't it wonderful?
In a way, that's our war grade.
That's what keeps us in movement, development.
And we have a long way to remember with this.
It's a cool device, but it's the equivalent of a Maladach Machic.
Somebody with this artistic potential deserves a lot more.
So we're trying to figure out how to improve it and make it faster and robust.
Since then we've had all kinds of recognition.
We've gained many prices.
Remember, it's free. None of us are doing money with this.
Everything comes out of our own pocket.
The prices were the guy, "Oh, this is fantastic.
And Arthur turned something about us and then, in December, the Time magazine was recognized as one of the 50 percent investments in 2010, and it was really cool.
The best thing about this -- and this is what I finished to close the circle, is that in a year in the George of Machine in the center of Los Angeles is going to be an exhibition called "The Calabands.
And Art in the streets is going to have the best examples of the urban art, Banda, France Francettan, all of them will be there.
TED is going to be in the show which is quite awesome.
So basically this is my idea, if you see something that is not possible to do it possible.
None of what there is in this room was possible to the stage, the computer, the microbes, the Richer, nothing was possible in a certain moment.
Make it possible, any thing about this room.
I'm not a program, I never did anything with social recognition technology, I just recognized something and I used with wonderful people to make it happen.
And these are the questions that I want us to do every day when we find it with something that we find that you have to do -- if it's not right now, when I'm not me, who is who I'm not me, who am I'm not me?
Thank you.
I've spent the last few years moving in very difficult situations and at the same time a little dangerous.
I went to jail. difficult.
I worked in a mile carbon.
I filmed in areas of war and difficult and dangerous.
And I spent 30 days starting just this -- fun in the beginning, something difficult in the middle, very dangerous at the end.
In fact, in a lot of my career I've been involved in situations in horrible appearance with the only goal to try to examine social questions in ways that are actually, interesting and interesting to them in a way that you look at energy and accessible for the audience.
So when I knew that I was going to come here to make an TED on the world of brands and the pathology wanted to do something a little bit different.
So some of you can have heard -- or not, a couple of weeks ago an airplane in Errow.
I sent some messages in Facebook -- some in Twitter, offered the rights of my TED TED TED.
What there was the following: "The TED Pressure, my TEDTalks of which you don't have any idea what it is about and as soon as I put it in recent to you or your company to do it.
But he said this, it's a very good medical opportunity.
Do you know how many people look at these TEDsawalitanistan.
Thank you.
It's a team in progress, by the way.
So even with that soldier knew that someone was going to buy the rights rights.
If you had asked me a year ago, I would not have to be able to tell you.
But in the new film that I'm working with, we examine the world of the market, the public world.
And as I said, I've got me in horrible situations in the last few years, but nothing could be prepared to me, for something as difficult or as dangerous.
You see, I had this idea for a movie.
Martin Superstance: I want to make a film that comes from the production of products and market and advertising, and that all of the film is funded with political production, market and public.
The movie is going to call the largest movie next self-sex."
What happens in the largest movie of the largest sense is that everything in front of the bottom, in the end of the end of the end, has the market images, all the time, from the audience that comes before the title there, the X track.
Now this brand, California, State Centella.
These people are going to be used to perfect fish.
And so the film explores all this idea. (Micropitable Kapaisk, is really representation. Is it really representation. Is it representation.
I'm a representative person. (Movement, I just say. It was more for algradia.
It was "professional."
But we're not just going to have the paradoxiate of the X track in the title but we are going to make sure to add all the categories that we can in the film.
Maybe we sell a shoes, and it becomes the most cool shoes that you have used.
The biggest car that you've been driving in the largest movie all of the largest train, the best treatment that you have been bread, correct of "The largest film next next website."
Valley Kirelia, the idea is then about showing the brands as part of the life, make you that financial film? (Movement, make you fund the movie -- MT: And we actually show the complete process of how it works.
The goal of the complete film is transparency.
You're going to see all the process in this film.
That's the full idea, all of the film, in principle at the end.
And I would love that Cell help me get it happen.
Robert France: You know, it's funny because it's very much because it's the first time I hear that -- it's the biggest respect for the audience.
Okay, though, I don't know how it reflects people to that.
AK: You have a perspective. I don't know if "No is very negative but you know how it's going to recognize? (Michael, no idea. David Change: How much money does this make you do this?
MT: A million and a half a half a half -- "Oh, good. John Kan: I think it's going to be difficult to the meeting with them, but no doubt is going to value the penis to convince a couple of big ships.
SB: Who knows, perhaps for the time that we spend the movie we see us as a bunch of grade diseases.
MT: What do you think is going to be the response?
Sarah Russia, most answers.
MS: But will be difficult to sell it, for the movie or for being me?
JL: Both things.
MS:  It means you're not very optimistic you.
So they help me? I need help.
MK: I can help.
MS: All right. (Move: Okay.
MK: We need to think about what you die.
MT: Yeah. (Move: That's the challenge -- when you look at the people you have to treat you.
MK: We have some places where you go. (Movement: Okay.
MT: I thought that "Did the camera means we have a conversation of microbe.
He puts the camera means we don't want to know any of your film?
MS: And so it was, one of these companies suddenly disappeared.
No wanted to have nothing to do with this film.
I was surprised.
They didn't want to know anything with this project.
And I was very impressed -- I thought that the concept of advertising, was to introduce the product to so many people as possible, to make people like it as possible.
Especially in the world today this intersection of new media and old media and the space of the secretary media -- is not the idea to tell you with that new vehicle of attention that will take the message to mass?
No, that's what I thought.
But the problem was, you see, that my idea had a fragile error and that mistake was this.
Actually no, there was no mistake.
There was no mistake.
This would have been fine.
But the problem was what this image.
See, when you look for transmission images in Google --  --  --   this is one of the first images that you know.
I like your way of redearth, Secretary Bring.
This was the problem: the transparency, free of simulation or second, easily defined or seen or simple, which is characterized by biodiversity or access of information, especially in business practices -- being the last line that the largest problem.
You see, we hear a lot about transparency in these days.
Our politicians the name, the president of the name, even the Chinese the name.
But suddenly when you try to do something that really changed something changes.
But why is that? Well, transparency day --  -- like that weird bear that still goes up.
It's important.  Like this rare warm.
And it's also very risky.
What else is it a real attack?
Take an entire man of Coloric Charle.
That's very risky.
When I started talking to companies and tell you that we wanted to tell this story and said, "No, we want you to tell you a story.
We want you to tell you a story, but you know the story?
You see, when I was a kid, and my father was going to me in some sense, and there is him to look at it as I used to do it, like, "Hey, there are three sides in every history.
It's your story, it's my story, and it's the real story.
As you see, in this film, we wanted to tell the real story.
But with only a company, an agency wanted to help me -- and that only because I met John Book and Richard Kimmicrosensia in many years -- I realized that I would have to go through my own, I would have to take the interview and go to the companies myself.
So what I started to rescue suddenly -- what I started to realize -- is that when you start to convince the companies the idea of understanding your brand is a universal problem.
MS: I have friends who make big films, enormous films, gigantic and others who make small films, independent films, like mine.
And my friends who make the big Hollywood movies say the reason why their movies have so successful you have to be the killer brands that they have.
And then my friends who make independent movies say, "Well, how are we supposed to compete with these big, giant molecules of Hollywood?
And the movie is called "The largest movie next self."
How are we going to look at Basson in the film.
Every time I'm going to go out, every time I open my battle, you'll see the destroyer Bang.
In any time for an interview with someone I can say, "Are you good for this interview?
Are you ready? You see a little nervous one.
I want to help you that calculation.
Maybe you should put a little bit of this before the interview?
And there is one of these fabulous arms.
Now "The Book Forest like "The Park are going to have their opportunity.
We're going to have so much for man as a woman for women, solid, back, in baby, like that.
That's the general view.
Now I can tell your questions and give you a perfect view.
Kara France: We're a small brand.
similar to the kind of smaller movies that you said, we are more well a virtual brand.
So we don't have the budget.
So do things like this, you know, remember Bangladesh to people is the reason that this is interesting.
MT: What words use to describe the Bang?
Welcome is in white.
KB: That's a great question.
Woman: Technology technology.
MT: Technology is not the way you want to describe something that you put on the grandmother.
Man: We talk about something about a little bit of a freedom.
I think that "Screen is a great word that really puts this car in positive version of the smell and the subjective."
It keeps you cold.
How do we keep the more time for more front, more fraction, three times more freedom.
Things like those things are going to happen.
MS: And that's a multi-production company.
What about me? What about a common kind of common?
I need to talk to the street man, to people like me, to the common fish.
They have to talk about my brand.
MS: How do you define your brand?
Man: Oh my market?
I don't know.
I like the good.
Woman: I would receive the 80 people people, unless it is going to be a long.
MT: It's okay, what is the lab market?
Leader, something unique. (Man: Okay. Man: I guess the kind of gender, the style that I have to be like a dark guard.
I like a lot of the dark colors and lots of things like that.
And so the general takes access as a sun galaxies, or I like the crystals and similar charts.
Woman: If Dan was a brand could be a classic convertation, Measure Bene.
Man 2: The brand I am, he would call it calculation.
Woman 2: In part of the speech, in part of the Good Good, I don't know.
Man 2: I'm the kind of male.
I sell toys for pets in the country and in the world.
So I guess that's my brand.
In my small sector, that's my market.
Man 4: My brand is Feedenth because I get the market.
Man 5, March fragile market.
Is that something?
And I am a grassland.
There, I'm Talk.
MT: Well, we can't all be market Talk, but often I was clear in the intersection of the dark worker and calculation business.
I realized I needed an expert business.
I needed someone who could go into my head, someone who could help help you understand what they call the market personal personal mindset.
And I found a company called Olympic Balloon in Picture.
They helped companies like New, Feer, Harvard to discover that market personality.
If you could do it for them, they would probably do it for me.
And I brought the pictures, right?
MS: Yeah. The first picture is a family picture.
FS: Tell me a little bit how it's related with your thoughts and feelings your way to be.
MT: These people model my way to see the world.
A, Homo of that world.
MS: That world? I think your world is the world in which you live, like the people who surround you, your friends, your family, the way you live your life, the work you do.
All of those things grew up and start in a place and in my case, and you start in my family, in the West Virginia.
T: What's the next one you want to talk about?
MT: The next one is this: "This was the best day of my life.
Oh, how do you relate this with your thoughts, feelings and your way to be?
MS: It's like who I wanted to be me.
I like the different things.
I like the weird things. I like the weird things.
A, How many of the "the "the one is seen to us?
What is the male? Where is the particular password now?
Why is it important? What does the red represent?
Tell me a little bit about that.
A little more of you, which is not who you are.
What other mechanisms have you have?
You have to be afraid -- what kind of rule you are there?
MT: All.
A, Thank you for your patient. (Movement, great work. A, Green.
MS: Yeah, I don't know what's going to go out of this.
There was a lot of crazy in all this.
Lineous Galler: The first thing I saw was this idea that there are two different days, but completely, in your market personality, the Martin Martin is a conscious brand.
They form very well.
And I think there's almost a parachute in them.
And I think some companies just focus on one of their strong dots or the other instead of focusing on both.
A lot of companies tend and is the human nature, to avoid the things that are not safe -- avoid the fear, those elements -- and you actually give you a little bit of positive for you, and it's nice to see that.
What other brands are that?
The first here is the classic -- Apple.
And you can see also here to Africa, Liver, Minister of Minister Colorish and Jeff.
Now there are laws and constant markets, those things that have gone and come up and come up but a constant brand is something quite powerful.
MS: A constant market. What's your brand?
If someone asked you to describe your breast identity, your paradic personality, what would it be?
Are you a restaurant attack? Are you someone that makes blood blood?
Or are you more well a destroying adult?
A little more calculated, restricted, construction?
The killer attributes are like being ready to be freedom like the Pressure, contract, and actually arrived or audience like Eastern Flank, fast or girl, democracy, or music or male as Gandela.
Or do you be more about the destroying attack?
Are you aware of a contract like 2007.
Are you structure, traditional protein, protection. Do you identify with Obama?"
Are you conference, stable, facility, constantly, sure, control or sale, like the Dalai Labby or "Do I be a power?
In the course of this film, we had more than 500,000 companies, and the and designer, who said, "No, they didn't want to form part of this project.
They didn't want to have nothing to do with this film, mainly because they wouldn't have control, they wouldn't have control about the final product.
We were allowed to tell the story of the neurons and we get to tell the story in this movie of how they are now using magnetic resonance to identify the centers of desire in the brain as much for contract.
We went to San Paul where they have banned the public air play.
In all over the last five years there are no values, there's no career, there's no values, there's nothing value: nothing.
And we went to school districts in which companies are doing the way in schools with wealth problems in America.
The amazing thing for me is that the projects in which I've had the biggest answer or that I've had more success are those in which I've been interested with things directly.
And that's what these brands did.
They went to the interventions, they took their agencies and they said perhaps these agencies don't have my best interest in mind.
I'm going to try directly with art.
I'm going to work with him to create something different, something that will make people think of people, which is going to challenge the way we look at the world.
And how do you have it? They were success?
Well, since the movie are sitting in the Secretal Fertrition, let's take a look.
According to beautiful the movie start in energy, and since then, and this is not all of all, we have 900 million images in the media for this film.
This covered only a period of two weeks and average.
That's just in the line, no press, no TV.
The movie is still not distributed.
It's still not in line. It's not in service.
It's not even presented in other countries yet.
Ultimately, this movie has already started to win.
And it's not bad because almost all the agencies we talk to their customers not be part of it.
I've always believed that if you take risks, if you take risks, that in those risks are opportunities.
I think that when you go to the people of that is pushing the failure.
I think that when you train your employees in the risk of the risk is preparing all your company to get records.
I feel that what has to happen to move out is that we have to encourage people to face.
We have to encourage the people who don't have fear of the opportunities that you can take them.
In the last trial, I think we have to give it back to fear.
We have to put that bear in a cage.
We throw the fear. We bring the risk.
As a question at the time, we have to cut the risk.
And in definition, we have to bring up to transparency.
Today more than a little bit of honesty is going to be a long way.
And he said this, with honesty and transparency, all of my talk "Well, "We were presented by my good friends of China who by 17, they had the rights names in Earth.
LM: By becoming large data for companies around the world.
EMP presented "The Transmission."
Thank you very much.
June Change: So Morcha, in behalf of transparency, which happened exactly with those 1740 17.7 17.9 thousands?
MS: It's an amazing question.
In my pocket I have a child in behalf of the TED organization, the Sandweight Device, a child for 175, to be applied to my attention for TED.
The idea behind the Second influence is actually very simple.
We don't want Iran to get the nuclear bomb.
His biggest activity to develop nuclear weapons is the rise of the University of Argentina in National.
The Greek boxes that you see are systems of control in real time.
If we were able to share these systems that control speed and vulnerable, we can cause a lot of problems with the center.
The gray boxes don't use software of Windows, they're from a completely different technology.
But if we were able to put an effective viruses of Windows in a portable orbit used by an engineer, to control this foie box, then we are ready.
This is the plan behind School.
We started with a Windows industry.
The eye income to the gray box, given the center, and the nuclear program are going to be defined, mission.
Is it easy, right?
I want to tell you how we discovered this.
When we started researching about PMS about six months, the purpose was completely accepted.
The only thing you knew is that it's very, very complex in the West of Windows, the installation used multiple developmental virus.
It seemed to want to do something with these gray boxes -- these control systems.
That called us the attention, and we started an experiment in which we identified our environment with Schapper and we see what happened with this.
So they spent very strange things.
Schapper was shared as a lab of lab that I didn't like our husband, and I didn't want to eat.
I had no sense for me.
And after experiment with different brains, I realized, and I thought, this is a distributed attack.
It's completely distributed."
The institution is looking for virtually in the gray box if you find a specific condition, and even if the program that's trying to infect is effectively working in that place.
If not, Shakespeare doesn't do anything.
So that called my attention, and we started working in this almost 24 hours a day, because I thought, "We don't know what the goal is.
It might be, let's say for example, an energy plant, or a chemical plant in Germany.
Better than we discovered the protein target.
So we extract and demonstrate the attack code, and we discovered that I was tortured in two digital bombs -- a small and a big one.
We also saw that they were very deeply armed by people who obviously had all the inner information.
They know all the dots that I would go through.
You probably even know how much heat the operation.
So you know everything.
And if you've heard that the institution of Shakespeare is complex and high technology, let me tell you, the load is very complex.
It's very above everything we have seen before.
Here you see a sample of this attacks.
We're talking about 15 billion lines of code.
It looks pretty much to the old angroying language.
I want to tell you how we could find this code.
What we were looking at the principle was called the systems of the system, because we know what they do.
And then we were looking for wounds and structure structure and we tried to relate them with the real world, with objective potential in the real world.
We need theories about disasters that we can support or develop.
In order to get to theories about goals -- we remember that it's definitely a violent blood, it must be a valuable white -- and it's certainly located in Iran because it's where most of the choices has been represent.
They don't find several thousands of goals in that area.
It's basically reduced to the nuclear energy plant, and the cancer of the National in National.
So I said to my attention, "I take a list of all the experts in centuries and energy plants between our climates."
I called them and I was in an effort to pursue their experience with what we found in code and data.
And it works pretty well.
So we were able to associate the little digital child with the control control.
The robot is that cell part inside the center, that black object you see.
If you manage the speed of this cost, you certainly can take it and even make the exploration exploration.
What we also saw is that the goal of the attack was to make it slow and developed in an effort of the engineered engineers, so they couldn't solve this quickly.
We try to challenge the big digital child looking very close to the data and their structures.
So for example, the number 175 support in that code, can't be obvious.
I started to investigate scientific literature about how these centers are built in Natal, and I found that they are structures in which it's called a car, and every challenge contains 175 centers.
That had sense, there was a coincidence.
And it gets better yet.
These centers in Iran are divided in 15 parts called states.
And guess what do we find in the attack code.
A almost identical structure.
So again, that was a good coincidence.
This gave us a lot of confidence to understand what we had among hands.
So there's no management. It wasn't like that.
The results have been won after several weeks of hard work.
We immediately ended up in carbon cards, and we had to go back to start.
And yet, we discovered that both digital children were going to be a single thing, but from different angels.
The small eye is taking a car, and doing the edges and represents, and the big child is communicating with six married and manipulation self-selection.
In course, we're very confident that we have determined what the destiny is.
It's Nation, and it's just Carbona.
We shouldn't worry that other goals are taken by School.
So here is some very interesting things that we saw, really impressed me.
There is the gray box, and it turns out the centers.
What this thing is doing is to intercept the energy values of sensors for example, from pressure sensors and the sense of vibration and provide legitimate code, which still runs up during the attack with false data data.
And you grow or not, these false data data are recorded by Second.
It's like the Hollywood movies where, during the robot, the security camera is fed from preventional video.
Is it great, right?
The idea here is obviously not just to fix the operations in the face of control.
It's really more dangerous and greenhouse.
The idea is to make a digital security system.
We need digital security systems where a human operator could not act fast.
For example, in an energy plant, when the great steam of value is about speed, you have to open a scale valve in a million.
Obviously, this can't make it a human operation.
That's where we need digital security.
And when they are compared, then you can spend bad things.
The plant can explore.
And no opportunity is not the security system.
That stuff.
But it can be worse.
What I'm going to say is very important.
Think about this. This attack is great.
It has nothing to see, especially with centuries, with training organization.
I could work also, for example, in an energy plant, or in a strategical factory.
It's great.
And you don't have a little bit of attack, which is going to design this load with a USA key, as we saw in the case of Stanford.
You can also use conventional technology technology to do it.
I will tell you the most possible thing.
And if you do that, with what you find is with a massive destruction service.
That's the consequence that we should face.
Unfortunately, the biggest number of goals for such attacks.
It's in the United States, and in Japan.
All the green areas are spaces with large numbers.
We need to face the consequences and better than we start to prepare now.
Thank you.
Chris Anderson: I have a question.
Rad, there has been public in many sides that people assume that the Most is the main amount behind this.
What's your opinion.
Randard Lander: OK, you really want to hear this?
Yeah. Okay.
My opinion is that the Most is involved, but the engine is not Surreatric."
The engine behind this is the cyber surface.
There is a sun, and that's the United States, unfortunately fair.
Because, in another way, our problems would be even larger.
CA: Thank you for analysis. Thank you, Rapara.
I want you to imagine a robot that you can take out and give you the self-study skills, or another to make you use of wheelchair chairs and go back to walk.
In "Beaunation Biologists, we call these robots, excellents.
They're not a different thing about something that gets in the morning, it gives you a great strength, which is also increasing your speed, and help you, for example, to handle the balance.
It's actually the real interpretation of man and machine.
But not just that -- it can integrate it and connect it with the universe and with other external interest.
This is not an actual idea.
To show you now in what we are working about the American soldier that in average, they have to take about their stream a 45 pounds of 45 pounds, and it's going to get even more team.
Obviously, this leads to some important implications -- responses in the street, in 30 percent of the soldiers -- with chronic damage.
We decided to put this challenge and create a skeleton that could help handle the issue.
Let me introduce you the HIV -- or Pathol Humanity Carbon.
Soldier: With the HIV explosions I can deliver 90 pounds per way for many hours.
His flexible design allows you to be able to be able to drag and educate movements with great electricity.
I lost what I want to do, or where I want to go, and then it increases my strength and my resistance.
Eight Benevolo, we're ready with our industrial society, to produce this approach, this new school, this year.
Or it is, it's a reality.
We're going to go back to the size of wheelchair chairs about what I feel particularly approaching me.
There are 35 million people around -- in red chairs around the world.
Like one percent of the total population.
And this is a really conservative cycle.
We talk about something that happens with freedom, very young people, with damage in the vertical column, which is going to start their life -- to the 20, 30 or 40 years -- they car against a wall.
We also talk about the population that comes up quickly.
Her only option, many times -- for a brain or any other complicated complexity, is the chair of wheels.
And this has been like this for the last 50 years, from their success approach, as I should recognize it.
So we decided to start to write a new chapter of morality.
Let me introduce you the electronics that is using Adam Borton who did 19 years ago had a leader in the vertical column, and as a result, I couldn't go back to walk for 19 years, until now.
Adam Borton, Thank you.
EB: Amazing is using our electronics, which I thought.
It has a few sensors ...
It's completely not invisible in the mountains that send signals to the computer computer, here in the screen.
There are also a little bit of batteries that give you energy to the engines in the roads, and in the role, and they do it with this wild and very natural say.
AK: I was 24 years old, at the top of my life when I was a strange salary in the air, hiding it down a paradigm.
In a fraction of seconds, I lost all sensation and everything from the beach down.
Shortly later, a doctor went back to my room in the hospital, and he said, "Hey, you never go back to walk?
That happened 12 years ago.
So I stole to the last piece of hope of my being.
The adaptation technology since then, I allowed me to learn to be able to be able to measure it up down in the table, and I can even move in the hand.
But they haven't invented anything that allows me to walk, until now.
Thank you.
EB: As you can see, we have the technology, we have the platforms to sit and talk to you.
It's in our hands, and we have all the potential here to change life to future generations -- not just of soldiers, but to American, and all of the users of wheelchair chairs.
AK: Thank you.
I just come back from a community that has the secret of human survival.
It's a place where women have the battle, practice sex to say hello -- and the game is the order of the day, where the division is something serious.
And no, it's not the American man or San Francisco.
Ladies and gentlemen, you know their cousins ...
This is the world of the wild books of Congress.
The buttons are together, along with chimpanzees -- their closest living lives.
That means that we all share a common anthropologist, an evolutionary grandmother, who lived about six billion years ago.
Now, chimpanzees are known by their research.
But unfortunately, we've done too much in this aspect in our narrative of human evolution.
But the buttons show us the other side of the coin.
While chimpanzees are dominated by big types of great, the baby society is in charge of females with power.
These guys have created something special -- because this leads to a very talented society where the moral violence has never seen.
But unfortunately, the buttons are the least understanding of the big apes of the big ones.
They live in the depths of the color self, and it's been very difficult to study.
The Congo is a paradox, a sea of extraordinary biodiversity and beauty, but also the heart of the thylacine same -- stage of a violent conflict that has gone up for decades, and causing almost so many deaths like the first World War.
It's not to extract that this destruction also puts the survival of the book.
The carbon trade of coffee and depression make you can't take a state with the buttons that stay in the world, and money, we're not sure of it.
However, in this land of violence and chaos you can hear the laughter limited by making trees.
Who are these pressures?
We know that as the apes "Harmony lives, not the war, because they have sex, pressure and sex to handle conflicts and solve social problems.
I'm not saying that this is the solution to all of the problems of humanity because the life is more than the Sun Sun.
The books, as humans, I love to play the long of his entire life.
It's not just a game game.
For us and for them, the game is fundamental to establish solutions and form the solution.
We learn to trust it, and we learn the rules of play.
The game increases creativity and resistance, and it has to do with the generation of diversity diversity of interactions, diversity diversity diversity.
And when you look at the banking game see the evolutionary regions of the laughter, the dance and human rich.
The game is the glue that we join us.
I don't know how you play you -- but I want to show you a couple of unique videos taken from the wild medium.
First, it's a baby block game -- and I don't talk about Facebook.
Here we have a female and a young man in the middle of a perspective.
Look at what's doing it.
It could be the evolution of the first, it has a local of the photographs.
I just think that in this case to him, right?
Yeah.
So the sexual game is common as much in books as in humans.
And this video really is interesting because it shows you, this video really is interesting because it shows the invention to bring unusual elements to the game like the testing, and also how the game requires trust and shape the trust -- and at the same time is the most fun.
But the game is political play.
The game is photographer, it can adopt a lot of forms, some of which are more transparent, imagination, currently, perhaps the place where the astonishing is.
And I want you to see you -- this is Fural, a young female who is playing with a transparency water.
I think that we are sometimes playing alone, and we explore the limits of our inner and external worlds.
And it's that crazy curiosity that drives us to explain, to interact -- and then the unexpected connections that we form are the real sex of creativity.
These are just small samples of understanding that the biologists give us from our past and present.
But they also have a secret for our future, a future where we have to adapt a world increasingly more creative and more cooperation.
The secret is that the game is the key of these capacity.
In other words, the game is our adaptation.
To adapt you with success to a world that changes we have to play.
But are we going to be able to take our game capacity?
The game is not frankly.
The game is essential.
For bothers and humans, life is not just cruel and depressed.
When it looks like the less appropriate to play, they can be the moments in which the most urgent thing.
So private companies, we accept this gift of evolution, and we play together as we rebuild creativity and friendship and amazing.
Thank you.
In New York, I am responsible to develop a nonprofit organization called Robert Home.
And when I'm not cutting poverty, I eat incredible as a captain of captain in a very voluntary baby book.
And in our city, where the volunteers are completely careful, you have to get to the site of the very short engineering to get into action.
I remember my first incentive.
I was the second volunteer in the site, so I had a pretty high probability of going.
But there was still a career in front of the other volunteers to get the captain in charge and figure out what our task.
When I found the capital, I was controlled in a conversation with the property that no doubt was going to take one of the worst days of his life.
We were in the late night, she was standing outside in the rain, under a same water, in the water, and the house was in calls.
The other volunteer that I had just got before me, we call Leona Lull --  -- it was first to the captain and I asked it to go back and save the dog.
The dog. I was so sleep."
So there was a lawyer or design of money that, during the rest of his life, would have to tell the people who went into a building to save a live for me for five seconds.
Well, I was the next one.
The captain made me a mass.
He said, "New, I need that between the house.
I need you to go up, raise the fire, and I brought it to this woman a couple of salators.
And the subjective.
It was not exactly what I expected but I went out, I went up the stairs at the end of the paradox, I went to the real bombs that to that car or less had finished the fire and entered the main fourth in a couple of shoes.
I know what you're thinking, but I'm not a hero.
I took my car back through the staircase where I met my Nations and the dog in the main door.
We take out of the house for the house for the house of house where it was to expect, his respect got a lot more attention than my me.
A few weeks later, the department received a letter of the death of the house of the house that we have been shown to save their house.
The ability that she looked at all over the other was that someone had reached even a couple of shoes.
Now, in my voice in Robert Home as in my cow as a volunteer book I'm afraid of generosity and kindness in a movement scale, but also in the act of very much and come back to individual level.
And you know what I've learned.
Everything has its important.
So when I look at this room to people who have gone on, or they are in order to do, or they are in order to do, you want to remind you this: Don't wait.
They don't wait to win the first million to make the difference in the life of somebody.
If you have something to give you right now.
They serve food in a company, clean a park.
They're minds.
Not every day we're going to have the opportunity to save the life of someone but every day we are going to be able to influence the life of somebody.
So they go back to the game, you save the shoes.
Thank you.
Bruno Giussani: Mark Martin, go.
Mark Bellows, Thank you.
This can be strange -- but I'm a great administration of the concrete ball.
The first concrete blocks were made in 1885, with a very simple idea of a very simple measure that you find each other.
Very quickly, these became the most used building unit in the world.
They have enabled us to build things larger than us, as buildings or bridges or people in the time.
Essentially, these blocks have become the pillars of our time.
Almost a hundred years later, in 1977, to Leonas was done this.
It's called authority flowing up.
And in a few years, the Geles of LEDs came to every home.
It's estimated over 400 billion or 75 miles per person on the planet.
You don't have to be engineering to build beautiful bridges or buildings or home.
LGL made it accessible.
Leath just adopted the concrete block -- the favorite in the world, and I became a fundamental piece of our imagination.
Meanwhile, exactly that same year, the next revolution was about to answer, the new construction of construction.
The transistor was a small unit of plastic that would take us from a world of aesthetic players on one other to a world where everything was interesting.
As the contract block is to create much more and more complex circuits -- a plan at the time.
But there's a main difference -- the transistor was just for experts.
I personally don't accept it, that the building blocks of our time are arrested to experts, so I decided to change it.
eight years ago, when I was at the Middle States, I started exploring the idea of getting the power of engineers to the hands of artists and designers.
A few years ago, I started developing Lickbotter.
I'm going to show you how they work.
Listingual are electronic meals every one with a specific function.
They are prepared to be light, sounds and engines and feelings.
And the best thing about everything is that they get up through imagery.
So you can't be able to put it wrong.
The climbers have a color code.
The green is the salitan, the blue is the crazy, the laughter is the contract and the orange color is the blood.
So you just have to engage a blue with a green and very quickly, you can start to make bigger circles.
A blue with a green product with light.
We can put a button in the middle and so we have a reconstruction.
If we change the button for a pulse of play, which is here, and now we have an interesting light.
We killed this tumor to create more impact and we have a noise machine.
I'm going to stop this.
So beyond the simple game, Lickardo are actually very powerful.
Instead of having to be progress, connecting and solving, Libertaines allows us to program using very simple intellectual challenges.
In order to make faster or more slow or more slow life, you just throw this button that makes the pulse is faster or more slow.
The idea behind Lickabilitans is that it's a growing collection.
We want all the interactions in the world to be reduced to the streets to use.
Low, sounds, solar panels -- motors, everything must be accessible.
We've given the kids to see them playing with them.
And it's been an amazing experience.
The best is how they start to understand the choice of every day that you don't learn in schools.
For example, how it works a light of night, or why the door of an elevator gets open, or how a peace responds to the touch.
We have also taken limits to design schools.
So for example, designers without an electronic experience start playing with Lickardo as a material.
So you can see, with paper and fact, we have George creating.
(Support metal --  -- a few weeks ago we took Lickardo to the designers of the Desk Islamic design that they don't have experience in engineering, just in coal, wood and say, do something.
Here's an example of a project that have done a contract contract by movement.
But wait, here comes my favorite project.
It's a financial factory that has fear of darkness.
For these not engineers, Lickabals became another material, electricity became another material.
And we want this material to be about all.
So Libarator has open code.
You can visit the website, you can download all the design devices and make them.
We want to bring a world of creatures, inventors and collaborators because this world we live, this interactive world, is ours.
So I went ahead and investigate.
Thank you.
Today I'm going to talk about unexpected discoveries.
I work in the solar technology.
And my small company was looking for us to invent them with the environment.
The distributed collaboration.
This is a little video of what we do.
Hmm. Take a moment.
You can afford a little bit about it.
We can be able to continue the video to one side.
No.
This is not.
All right.
The solar technology is.
Oh, I was afraid of time?
All right. Thank you very much.
A couple years ago, a couple of years ago, an initiative to reclaim the best designers and techniques so that they take a year and work in an environment that represent almost everything that you have to do, we asked them to work in government.
The initiative is called "The American of America and would be like a part of peace for technologies.
We selected some members every year and we put them to work with motions.
Instead of giving them to the World World workers we send them to the Muslim world.
They made great applications -- they worked with the world employees.
His task is going to show you the possibilities of the current technology.
You know the Alex.
That's a chart of the city of Boston.
So here it comes like if you look for a quote, but what I really look for is that someone is looking at is that someone loves the snow, because you know that it's not really good to be able to be a next meter of snow.
How did it be able to help help this way so single?
Last year in Boston, we had a team of members in Boston.
They were there in February and at that time I had a lot of last year.
They realized that the city never clean these hypothesis.
But one of the members called Sri Michael noticed something more -- that citizens traveled with boxes right in front of them.
So he did like any good program, developed an application.
It's a limited application in which you can adopt a heart.
You accept to clean it when snow.
By doing it, you put a name, in this case I put it up.
If you don't do it, someone can reach.
Or it is, has a physical component of it.
It's a modest application.
Maybe it is the smallest of the 21 applications programmed last year.
But it does something another technology technology.
And it was extremely visit.
An answer of the city of the University of Hongy when I see this application realized that I could use it -- not for the snow, but for the citizens to adopt sea search.
It's very important that they work these terrorism lines, but people are broken down the batteries.
So he asked the citizens to control them.
And then Scott decided to use them to make cities to get the details to make the detail devices.
And Chicago was just going to be able to get people to be recorded to clean countries when the snow.
So now we know about new cities that plan to use it.
And this has been defined without Africa, in organic and natural way.
If you know a little bit of government technology, you know that this doesn't happen.
The software of software is a couple of years ago.
Last year in Boston, we had a team working in a project that took three people for two months and a half months.
It was a tool so that parents could choose the best public school for their children.
Then they told us that we have done the normal channels would have taken at least two years and cost a few million dollars.
And that's not anything.
Now there's a project in the South California power of California, that until the time has cost 200 million dollars and not work.
And there are projects like this in every level of government.
So an application that you program in a couple of days, and it's defined in viral form is a source of advantage to the institution of government.
It sounds the best way to work, not as in private companies, like many people think that should be.
It's not like a technological company, but more like the Internet.
It is to say, without restrictions and general way.
And that's important.
But the most important thing about this application is that represent the way of the government of government that has the new generation, not as a problem of a collective institution problem.
And that's really good because it turns out that we are very good for collective action with digital technology.
And there's a very large community of people who are building the tools so we work together with efficiency.
And it's not only "Worker for America, but there are hundreds of people around the country that contribute with civic applications every day in their own communities.
They haven't given the government with government.
They feel a great frustration before that, but they don't get up, they fix it.
And these people know something that we've lost from view.
And it is that if we leave the feelings about politics, the skin in the DNA "School America, and all those other things that you get crazy, the government is, in essence, in the words of Tim Virgin, what we do together because we can't be about?
Now, a lot of people have given the government.
If you are one of those people, I'll ask you to recognize it, because things are changing.
Power doesn't change -- the government is.
And because the government in the last image of us, remember that of us, the people? The way to think about the way to produce the change.
I didn't know a lot of government when I started with this.
And as a lot of people thought that government is going to be able to choose people so that we have carefully.
Well, after two years old, I have come to the conclusion that the government is, especially of grades.
This is the center of TV and information.
It's the place that comes through the calls if you take 1850 in America.
Scott announced this call.
Internet King in the official knowledge.
I didn't find anything. I started with animal control.
And finally he said, "Hey, you can open the door, put music and see if you go from?
And it worked. So good.
But that was not the end of the grades.
Boston has no call center.
It has an application, drinking and mobile Constrances."
We don't program that application.
It was the work of very smart people from the New Medical Mechanic of Boston.
One day, this happened really, comes this loss, "Kinal in my baby cube -- I don't know if it's dead.
How do I do to take it?
The dynamic Congo Constra is different.
Scott was talking on person.
In Lineous Congessional -- so you can all see this.
In this case, I saw it a neighbors.
The next report said, "I went back to the place, I found the garbage cube behind the house.
Karia." Yeah.
He went back to the cube. I went home.
Good nights lives, girls.
Quite simple.
This is great. It's the conflict of digital and physics.
And it's also a great example of the government income to the distributed virtual collaboration.
But it's also a great example of government as a platform.
And here I don't necessarily mean to the technological definition of platform.
I talk about a platform for people to help them and help others.
So a citizen helped another but here the government had a key role.
He connected the two people.
And I could have connected with government services of being necessary but the neighbor is a better alternative and more battle than the government services.
When a neighbor helps another, we face the communities.
If we call the animals, that costs a lot of money.
One important thing we have to think about government is that it's not the same thing that politics.
A lot of people understand it, but think that one is the entrance of the other.
That our train system system is the vote.
How many times have chosen a political leader, sometimes we spend a lot of energy to choose a new political leader, and then we hope that the government reflects our values and salitance our needs.
That's because the government is like a massive ocean and politics is the surface of 15 feet.
The bottom is what we call brain.
And we say that word with a lot of waste.
But it is that device that keeps us that we funded as something that would operate in our face, that other thing, and in consequence we're losing the power.
People believe that politics is simple.
If we want this institution to work to have to make the bubble to be safe.
Because it's where the real job work happens.
We have to collaborate with government.
That makes the Charlest movement.
Have you seen them?
It's a group of citizens worried that they have written a very detailed definition of 32 pages in response to the sea of the sense of the financial reform project.
That's not political action, it's a brain activity.
And for the ones that we have recognized about government, it's time that we ask us what world we want to leave our children.
You have to see the enormous challenges that they would have to face.
Do you really think that we have to go up without solving the institution that can act in behalf of all?
We can't afford government, we need to be more effective.
The good news is that with technology is possible to repair the function function so that it can expand freedomental to civil society.
There is a generation that grew up with the Internet, and you know that it's not so difficult to act a many, you just have to articulate the systems in the right way.
The age of the age of our members is 28 years old, so I am, to records, I'm a generation that many of them.
This is a generation that has grown to take the word and giving that almost for granted.
They're not giving that battle that we all face about who is going to talk about, they're all going to talk about.
You can express their opinions in any channel, at the same time, and they do it.
So when you face the government problem, you don't care a lot to do their voices to look at their voices.
They're using the hands.
They put hands to the work to program applications that are doing better to the government.
And those applications allow us to use the hands to improve our communities.
It can be limited a heart, taking maps -- traveling a garbage cube that has an air inside.
Since then, we can always have limited those hundreds and many people do it.
But these applications are like digital records that we're not only consumers -- we're not only consumers that we pay taxes, and we get services.
We're more than that. We're citizens.
And we're not going to fix the government until we don't fix the city.
So I want to ask all the present, when it's about the important things that we have to do together, all together, we're going to be a male of voices or also will be a manual of hands?
Thank you.
This is for me a real honor.
I've spent most of the time in creatures, prisons and in the death of death.
I've spent most of my life in marketing communities, in projects and places where there's a lot of despair.
And I'm going to be here at TED looking at and looking at these titles has given me a lot of energy.
One of the things I've noticed in this short time, is that TED has identity.
And the things they say here have impact in all around the world.
In occasion, if something comes from TED, it has a sense and a force that would not have any other way.
I say this because I think identity is really important.
Here we have seen fantastic.
And I think we have learned that the words of a teacher can have a lot of sense, but if you teach sense, you can have a special meaning.
A doctor can do good things, I mean, if it's careful, you can get a lot more.
So I want to talk about the power of identity.
I actually didn't learn this in the practice of the right, my job.
I learned about my grandmother.
I grew up in a traditional house of an American family dominated by a market, which was my grandmother.
It was directly, it was strong, I had power.
It was the last word in everything in the family.
She started many of the decisions in our home.
It was a daughter of people who had been scale.
Her parents were born in the school in Virginia.
She was born about 1950, and his experience with the school and his experience with the way the world.
She was diarrent, but it was also families.
When I was small and he looked at me, she was going to me and gave me a good arm.
I was so strong that I could barely breathe.
One or two hours later, I went back to look at it, and I was like, "Well, you still feel my objective?
And if I said no, I was going to come back and if I said yes, I was going on peace.
I had this human quality that would always want to be near it.
The only problem is that I had 10 children.
My mother was the best of 10.
In occasion, when I was going to spend a time with her, it was not easy to capture his time and his attention.
My cousins were running everywhere.
I remember when I was eight or nine years old, I woke up a morning, I went into the room and they were running all my cousins.
My grandmother was the other side of the room and looked at me.
I thought it was a play.
So he looked at it, and she was sure, but she was very serious.
After 15 or 20 minutes, she was sleeping, then I took the room, and he said, "Look Brand. We are going to become them."
I remember this as if it was yesterday.
I'll never forget it.
He took me outside and told me, "Well, I'll tell you something, but you can't say anybody?
I said, "It's okay, Mahaba."
She said, "Now I admit you don't do it." I said, "Because I said, "Because "Christmas."
And then I sat me, I looked at me, and he said, "I want you to know that I've been looking at you.
And anybody, I think you're special.
He said, "I think you can do what you want.
I'll never forget it.
Then he said, "I want you to protect me three things, Brazil."
I said, "See, Mahaba."
And he said, "The first thing I want you to do is that you always want your mother."
And somebody is my sand, and you have to promise you to be a challenge.
As I killed my mom, I said, "Yeah, Mahaba, so I'll do it."
Then he said, "The second thing I want you to do is you always do the right thing as the right thing is the hard thing.
I thought, and I said, "Yeah, Mahaba.
Then, finally he said, "The third thing I want you to promise you is that you have no algeric baby.
I was nine years old, and I said, "Yeah, Mahaba, I'm going to do it."
I grew up in the field, in the rural South, I have a year a year and a year a year.
When I was 14, one day my brother came home with a little six serious, I don't know where the street, I would go back to my sister and to me, and we went for the forest.
We were going to be doing the lights of time.
He took a beer serious, I was offered to my brother, she took a little bit to me.
I said, "No, no, no, no. It's good. It's good.
My brother said, "Let's go. And you always do the same thing that we are.
I did something, your sister also takes a second."
I said, "No." I didn't feel good. You can find it.
Then my brother looked at me.
And he said, "What do you happen? Take a search?
I was worth with strength and contained, "Oh, I'm not going to be that you're still thinking about the conversation with Mamin."
I said, "But what are you talking about?
He said, "Mom, you tell all the grandchildren who are special species?
I was scared.
I have to admit something about you.
I'll tell you something that I probably shouldn't say.
I know that this will be developed immediately.
But I have 52 years old, and I can admit that I've never taken a piece of algeric.
I don't say this is a viruses, I tell you for the power that has the identity.
When we create the right kind of identity, we say things to the other people who really don't see sense.
We can't be able to do things that they don't believe to do.
I think my grandmother naturally believed that all their grandchildren were special.
My grandfather had been paying for the protection.
My uncle died of diseases made out of the car.
And these were the things that we should be competitive.
Now, try to talk about our main justice system.
This country is today very different than it was 40 years old.
In 1969, there were 300 feet.
Today there are two million.
In the United States, we have the biggest rate rate rate.
We have seven million people in conventional freedom.
And this massive school, in my opinion, has changed fundamentally our world.
In poor communities or black communities, you find so much destination, so a responsibility, determines for these facts.
One of three black black between 18 and 30 years is in jail or control freedom.
In urban communities around the country, Los Planats, Facebook, Facebook, from 50 to 60 to 60 to 60 to 60 to 60 to 60 to 60 to 60 to 60 to 60 to 60 to 60 to 60 to 60 to 60 to 60 to 60 to 60 to 60 to 60 to 60 to 60 to 60 to 60 to 60 to 60 to 60 to 60 to 60
Our system is not only distributed in front of the race, it's also about poverty.
In this country, we have a presentation system that is a lot better if you're rich and guilty that if you are poor and incredible.
It's not a question, but wealth.
And it seems like we feel very transparency.
The politics of fear and the force are doing it to believe that these are not problems.
We're connected.
It seems interesting.
We're looking at our work a few curious development.
In my state, in Germany, as in other states, you find you in the other states, you know, you have a criminal contract.
Right now in Allive, 80 percent of the black magic population has lost definitely the right to the vacuum.
And if we test the next 10 years the loss level of rights to be as upset as it was before you would open the law of the right to the vacuum.
We have this amazing silence.
I represent children.
Many of my customers are very young.
The U.S. is the only country in the world where it felt to children of 12 years to die in prison.
We have this prison country for children, no possibility to go out there.
Now we're in process of some literatures.
The only country of the world.
I remember people in the death of death.
This issue of death is interesting.
In a sense, you've taught us to think that the final question is, people are going to die for common criminals die.
A very sensitive question.
But you can think about another way about how we're in our identity.
There is another way to look at it -- it's not trying to decide whether people are going to die for the shared crimes but if we deserve to kill.
This is interesting.
The death of death in America is defined by mistake.
In every nine people excepted, it has identified one that is innocent and freedom of death.
An amazing rate, a sense of eight eight.
This is interesting.
In aviation it will not allow you to pay planes if every nine who would say, one would be structure.
But somehow we call us from the problem.
It's not our problem.
It's not our letter.
It's not our struggle.
I talk a lot about these things.
I talk about race and this issue of if we need to kill.
It's interesting that in my class with American history, I talk about the school.
I talk about terrorism -- the time that started at the end of the rebuilding and he went up to the Second World War.
We don't know a lot of this.
But for black Americans in this country, it was a little bit defined by terrorism.
In many communities people had fear of being finally.
I was worried to be based.
The threat threat was what he defined their lives.
Now there are older people who are going to get me and tell me, "Mr. Steven, you say talking to you, do you discovery -- give the people who stop saying that in our story, we were going to stop the first time with the terrorism, after 1950.
They ask me to say, "No, say we grow with that."
The age of terrorism continued -- obviously, with separation and decades of radiation and self-selves.
In this country, we have a dynamic that we don't like to talk about our problems.
We don't like to talk about our story.
And this is why we haven't understood the meaning of what we systematically have done.
All the time we hear with each other.
We constantly create tension and conflict.
It costs us to talk about race. I think it's because we're not willing to convince you with a real process and recognition.
In South Africa, people understood that you couldn't overcome racial separation without a commitment with the truth and recognition.
In Rwanda, even before the genocide had this compassion, but in this country we haven't done it.
I was in Germany giving conditions about the death floor.
It was fascinating because one of the teachers was standing after my presentation and said, "You know that it's okay to hear what you say.
Nothing. We don't have a death of death in Germany.
We could never have to get it up here.
The room was taken in silence and a lady said, "There is no way that with our story, we can never be killed in the systematic death of human beings.
It would be irrational that us, international and unfortunately we were going to be a personal to exploration.
They reflect about this.
How do we feel in a world where a nation like Germany, explored to people, especially if you are in your biggest lives?
We couldn't tolerate it.
It would be irrational to be.
And yet, there is this disconnect there.
I think our identity is in danger.
If you actually don't care about these things so difficult and the positive things and wonderful things are yet, yet impressive.
We love innovation.
It fascinated us technology, we make creativity.
We love the entertainment.
But finally, those realities are represented by suffering, the absolute, the definition, market.
In my opinion, you need to integrate both things.
We finally talk about the need to have more hope, more compassion, more information with the basic challenges of the life of this complex world.
I think that that means to be more time thinking about and talking about the poor, the devices, which will never get to TED.
Think of them is, in a way, something that's inside our being.
It's true that we have to believe in issues that we haven't seen.
So we're going to be so rational, so committed with the intellectual thing.
With innovation, with creativity. The development comes not only the brain ideas.
These things come from food ideas also for the heart of the heart.
This connection of the mind with the heart is what it drives us to look at not only in the brilliant and fundamentally, but also in the dark and the difficult.
Valley Hall, the big left leader, I talked about this.
He said, "When we were in East Europe suffering the operation, we wanted all sorts of things, but mainly what we needed was hope, orientation for the spirit, a willingness to be in spaces of despair and being testics."
Well, that orientation for the spirit is mostly in the heart of what I think -- that still in communities like TED, must be competitive.
There is no relationship with technology and design that allows us to be truly human if we don't pay the debate to poverty to the poverty, to the encourage, to instruction.
Now I want to warn you that these thoughts make a much more challenging identity than if we ignore these things.
Let's find them.
I had the big privilege, being a very young lawyer, to know Roger Parkins.
These women are just meeting to talk about.
All of all, Mr. Carbon called me to say, "Okay, comes the sea Park -- we're going to go back to talk to you.
Do you want to come and listen?
I said, "I know seen. Yes walk."
So she said, "Well, and what do you do when you come from?
I said, "Well, "Well."
So I was and I was just listening.
It was something very vision, very blue.
And in one occasion, I was there, listening to these days, and after a couple of hours -- the Sri was going to me and told me, "No, Brazil, feet that it's that idea of the wrong justice.
Tell me what you're trying to do."
And I started to give my speech.
I said, "Well, we're trying to question the uncertainty.
We try to help those who have been connected.
We're trying to trust the prejudice and discrimination in the prevalence of the criminal justice.
We try to go with the feelings of life, no conventional freedom for children.
We try to do something about a death.
We try to reduce the population in jail.
We're trying to go with mass scales.
I gave him all my best speech, and I would finish me and said, "Get me mission."
And anybody, "Letter and very sounds.
At that moment, the Sri was increasingly, I put the finger on the face, and he said, "It's why you have to be very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very brave thing.
I think actually the TED community has to be much more valuable.
We have to find the way to tackle those challenges, those problems, that suffering.
Because finally humanity depends out of compassion for others.
I've learned some very simple things in my work.
I've been educated in simple things.
I've got to understand and believe that every one of us is the worse to the worst we have changed.
I think that's true for everyone in the planet.
I'm convinced that if someone says a lie, it's not because it's a message.
I'm sure that if someone takes something that doesn't miss you, it's not that it's a paradox.
Even if someone kills another, it's not that it's a state.
So I think there is a basic dignity in the people who should be respected by law.
I also think that in many parts of this country, and no doubt in many parts of the world, the opposite to poverty is not wealth.
That's not that.
I actually think that in many parts the opposite to poverty is solution.
And finally, I think that even though it is very dramatic -- very beautiful, very studied, not that we are not going to be involved for our technology, for our designs, not for our intellectual or rational.
At the end of the end of a society, not for the way they treat the rich and powerful and private, but by the way they treat the poor, the contractions, the press.
Because it's in this context as we started to understand real issues about what we are.
I feel a blood -- I'm going to end up with a story.
Sometimes I do a lot of forces.
I take care, like everything.
Sometimes those ideas go beyond my reasons in an important way.
I've been responding to these kids who have been feeling with a lot of death.
I'm going to prison, and I see my children from 12 and 14 years old, who have been traveled for them as adults.
And I start thinking, how can it be?
How can a judge to get someone in what isn't it?
The judge was an adult, but I see a child.
A very late night, I was willing to think about God, if the judge can you become something that you are not you have to have magical power.
Yeah, Brazil, the judge has magical power.
You should ask some of that.
As I was very late, I couldn't think about it, but I started working in a molecule.
I had a class of 14 years old, a little, poor, black.
I started working on the engine, with a subject that said, "Momentary so that my black class of 14 years is treated like a 24 years of 15 years old, excellent from a correction?
In the reason I asked that there had been built because of the concert, in the behavior of police and the process.
There was a line line about how in this country there is no ethical but all of a lack of stuff.
At the next morning, I woke up thinking that massive machine would be a dream, or I really write?
For my face, it wasn't only represent, but he had sent it to the cortex.
They spent about two months, I had already forgotten it.
And I finally decided -- Oh God, I have to go to the cortex for this stupid case.
I went into the car and I felt really all about a computer.
I was in the car to the graduate.
I thought this would be very difficult and small.
I finally came out of the car. I walked to the graduate.
I was going through the stairs when I found me with a larger black man -- it was the contract of the graduate.
When I saw me, I came up and said, "Who is you?"
I said, "I'm a graduate -- he says, "It's you a grassionality? I said yes.
And then I was approaching me and I was wrong.
And I was suffering in the ear.
He said, "I'm proud of you?"
I have to tell you now that it was visit.
That was deeply connected with my interest, with my identity with the ability that we all have to contribute the community with a hope vision.
Well, I went into the authority room.
By going on, the judge saw me.
And he said, "Mr. Steven, you write this mountains movie?
I said, "Yes." I was me."
People started to go. They were all invitable.
I was the one I had written those lights.
They got the police photographs, the flows of the photographs.
Suddenly without knowing how the room was full of people -- all of the wrong people, because we talked about poverty, because we talked about poverty, because we talked about it.
With the track of the eye I went to see the contract that he was and he came up.
I looked at the window and I used to hear all that book.
I kept walking for him and for there.
Finally, this old black black, I went into the room and sat behind me, almost in the table.
About 10 minutes later, the judge decided a recession.
During the describe of the algorithm is shown on because the contract had entered the room.
The lander is worth on the old black block.
And he said, "Hey, what do you do in the authority room.
And the old black came out of foot, I looked at the satellite, I looked at me, and he said, "I have this room room to tell this young man to tell this young situation in the goal with mission."
I have come back today to TED, because I think many of you understand that the moral air of the universe is very big, but it goes back to justice.
We can't be truly evolutionary if we don't care about human rights and difference.
That our survival is attached to the other.
That our technologies of technology, design, entertainment and creativity needs to look at the freedom, compassion and justice.
And above all, to those of the pressures that share this, I just want to tell you that they keep the view in the goal of signal.
Thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You just hear and see an individual desire of the audience, of this community, to help you in your properties, to do something.
Something that's not a charge. What can we do?
BF: There are several careful opportunities.
If you live in the state of California, for example, there will be a reference this principle in which you can make a effort to regenerate the funds that are spending today in the car policy.
For example, here in California, are going to spend a billion dollars in the death design, in the next five years.
And despite this, 95 percent of the cases of honesty are not controlling in artists.
75 percent of the violence don't get to anything.
Here's a change opportunity.
This recession is going to propose that they determine these funds to make it take the law, to security.
I think there is a very close opportunity.
CA: There has been a huge challenge in the U.S. privacy in the last three decades.
Part of the exploration, it says that it has to do with the biggest rate rate.
What would you tell you what you think is that?
BF: In fact, the rate rate of civilization has remained relatively stable.
The great growth in mass location in this country is not by trees with violence.
It's by the wrong war against drugs.
That's why this dramatic increase in the heart population.
And we let us trust the cardiolable restaurant.
We have three legal causes to bring people to percent percentage, to steal a bicycle, by small crimes against the property, instead of making those resources to their victims.
I think we have to do more to help the victims of criminals and not less.
It seems to me that our current philosophy on the car doesn't do nothing for anything.
I think that's the orientation that has to change.
CA: Bring, has been excited about this today.
You're very inspiring.
Thank you very much. Thank you.
Local Loogle, they grow.
Lock 2: Man in Somalia, Lock three.
Lock 4: Carrier Fourt: Repeating measure.
Local Decentral Decentral -- Local Seven, 65 deaths.
Lock 8. It's all the team of Transparency. It's 19 City.
Several local lights, War to the rationally, mass destruction.
Interviewer: Banka. Just finally.
Critically. Market.
Oh God me?
Peter Daniels, these are only some of the colleagues that I got in the last six months, transparent could be the last six days or the last six years.
The idea is that media media prefer to provide negative news because our minds pay attention to you.
And that responds to a very good reason.
In every second day of every day, our senses get many more data that probably the brain can process.
And as nothing is important to survive, the first part of all of those data is an ancient frame of the temporal lobe called magnetic.
The male is our favorite seat, the decade of danger.
Robbet and recognize all the information looking for something in the environment that could make us damage.
And so from a dozen stories of stories we prefer to look at the negative.
That old mistake of the press, "If there's blood, see, it's very true.
And because all the digital devices give us negative news for seven days in the week, 24 hours a day, it's not to extract that we are presentations.
It's not surprising that people think that the world is going to be bad in worse.
But perhaps not like that.
Maybe instead of change, what really happens is that we get distributions.
Maybe the huge progress made in the last century for a series of forces is related so that we have the potential to create a world of abundance in the next three decades.
I'm not saying that we don't have our good problems, climate change experts, the water of water and energy -- no doubt we have.
As human beings, we are very good to avoid the problems, and at the long time, we have them with them.
We encourage it in the last century to see where we go.
In the last hundred years, the average of life is more than depression, the average income per capita has been frankly franched around the world.
The child mortality has reduced 10 times.
Also, the cost of food food, of electricity, and the communities, has fallen from 10 to 1,000 times.
Steve Pinese showed us that we're living the most peaceful time in the history of humanity.
And Charles Kenne that global literacy came out of 25 percent over 80 percent of the last 100 years.
We're actually living an extraordinary time.
A lot of people forget it.
And we continue to get expectations every time.
In fact, we rebuild the meaning of poverty.
Think today in America, large part of the people who live under the poverty line have electricity, water, batheria, reduced, mobile air and carbon.
The magnetic banks of the past century, the entrepreneurs of the planet would never have been with success streets.
I'm going to support a lot of this is technology, and finally, its exponential growth.
My good friend Ray Kurra showed that any tool that comes back in technology technology in this curve, Moore's Law and depression of the price in about 12 to 24 months.
So the mobile that you have in the pocket is a million times more baby and a thousand times faster than a security of the 1970s.
Now look at this curve.
It's Moore's Law.
I want you to look at two things in this curve.
First, the sounds that it is, in good time, in the war and in peace -- in fact, in depression and analogy.
It's the result of quick computers used to build more quickly.
It doesn't stop any of the great challenges.
And even though it's recorded in a law on the left, it's covered goes down.
The growth rate rate is even more quickly.
And in this curve, in the Carbon Act, there's a series of extremely powerful technologies that we know today.
The computation in the cloud, that my friends of Afficances called infinite computers, sensors and networks, the robotic printing and their ability to democratize and distributed production in all the planet, social biology, the chemicals, the digital medicine and the climate, the digital medicine and the climate, the digital medicine and the climate medicine -- the natural medicine and the climate, the digital medicine and the climate medicine.
I mean, how many saw the victory in Jewish of Washingtona?
It was insane.
I sought in the newspapers the best headline that would be.
And I loved this this: "Well you see human energy?
Jesus is not a easy play.
He played with the mathematics of human language.
Imagine this artificial intelligence in the cloud, available.
Four years ago, here at TED, Ray Kuraser, and I launched a new college called Singano University.
We teach these technologies to our students, and, in particular, how can you use it to solve the great challenges of humanity.
And every year we asked them to fill a company, or a product or service or service that can be able to be able to be a billion people in a decade.
Think about that, the fact that a group of students today can impact the lives of a billion people.
So 30 years ago, that would be absolutely boring.
Today we can take a set of companies that have already done it.
And when I think of transparency, it doesn't mean to create luxury life for every planet of the planet, it's about creating a life of the possible.
It's trying to take that is a scale and turn it down.
You see, the school is control and technology is a force that frees resources.
I'll give you an example.
It's a story of National 1980s from 1950.
He's the kind of left.
I invited to close the king of Sim.
The tracks of Natina started with planets and the same Natina, with curve curves.
But the king of Sim, I ate camera carbon color.
You see, the student was the most valuable metal of the planet -- it's worth more than the gold and planet.
So the tip of the McDonald's point is all aligners.
You see, even though the student is 80 percent of the mass of the Earth, it doesn't come like pure metal.
It's sleeping by oxygen and solutions.
But then they got the electron and made of the alternative something that we use it as if it was distributed.
We produce this analogy to the future.
Think about the energy state.
Ladies and gentlemen, we're in a white planet for 5,000 times more energy than we use in a year.
They come to Earth 16 minutes.
It's not about school, but of activities.
And there are good news.
This year, for the first time, the cost of solar energy in India is 50 percent less than the generation of the generation, eight rules seven rules.
The cost of solar energy is 50 percent last year.
Last month, MIT published a study that shows that at the end of the decade, in the solar parts of the United States, the solar electricity to cost six cents a billion of the national average.
And if we have an energy abundance we also have the water.
Let's talk about the wars on the water.
Remember when Carl San asked the stream space to the Earth, in 1991, after the Saturnal happened?
I was a famous picture. How did you call it?
"The peace play play."
Because we live in a water planet.
We live in a planet covered in a 70 percent water.
Yeah, 995 is water water, 20 percent is ice, and we put it for 55 percent of the water of the planet, but there's also a hope.
It's a technology available not in 10 or 20 years, but right now.
It comes to innovation, the naturals.
In a conversation with Dean Kanha this morning, one of the researchers of the graduate -- I'd like to share with you, he gave me permission to do it -- your technology called Singalo -- you know, it's the size of a small record.
It's able to generate a thousand pounds of water in the day of any source of any fresh water, water water, a legal, for less than two cents a gallon.
The president of Cological just agreed to make a major test of hundreds of these units in the developing world.
If that goes right, and I have a line trust that it will be California, it will be able to implement it in 200 countries on the planet.
This is a potential innovation for this technology that today.
And we have seen it in the phones.
Oh my God, we're going to get to 70 percent of the mobile percentages in the developing world.
Think of that, that mass war has better mobile communities in the middle of Kenya than President 25 years ago.
And to tell you with a smart mobile with Google has access to more knowledge and information that President City 15 years ago.
It lives in a world of information of information and communication that nobody could have predicted before.
More than that, the things that you and I have paid tens and hundreds of thousands of the GDP dollars, video video -- biomass and musicians and music decades, now they are demographically destroyed and lost value value with mobile movies.
Maybe the best of the best comes up when the applications in health.
Last month, I had the pleasure of managing with the Four California California, from 10 million dollars.
We are affecting the teams of the world so that they combine these technologies in a mobile device with which they speak to it, and because it has ED, you can be structured blood blood.
To win it has to make better diagnosis than a closed medical team.
Imagine this device in the middle of the world in the developing world in which there is no doctors, where the carbon load is 25 percent workers of health.
When this device sequence a virus of RNA or DNA that doesn't recognize to the health of health and, in the first place, I would avoid that it takes the pandemic.
But this is the biggest force to produce a world of an abundance world.
I call it the thousand million in the rise.
The white lines of here are the population.
We're going to take the sea of the seven billion.
By the way, the best protection against demographic explosion is to stop the world of education and health.
In 2010, we had less than two billion people online, connected.
By 2010, going out of two billion dollars in the Internet.
Three billion minds of minds are never before the global conversation.
What do these people?
What do you get it? What do you want to do?
And instead of a economic culture, we have the greatest economic invention of history.
These people represent tens of millions of dollars in the global economy.
And they're going to be more health to the American of the best education, with the best education with Alexa Gandhis and because of the image of printing in 3D and computation in the cloud will be more productive than never before.
What can you give us 300 million members of humanity, healthy and production healthcares.
What about a few voices never before you know?
What if we give them the opportunities, wherever you are a voice to be heard and able to act for the first time?
What are these 3,000 million.
And if you are contractions that we can't predict?
So something that I learned with the X X is that small teams -- governant for their passion with a clear goal, you can do extraordinary things, things that you can only do the big computers and governments.
I'm going to end sharing a story that really excites me.
There is a program that perhaps some of you know.
It's called Fold.
It emerged in the University of Washington, in Seattle.
It's a game that people can take a self-self-self-self-s sequence and find the way that you can put the protein.
People determine the structure and function.
It's something very important in medical research.
And so far, it was a problem of superconductions.
They've played with this college teachers, between others.
Then hundreds of thousands of people were used and started to play it.
And it has shown that today the recognition of the human patterns of human patterns is better paying proteins that the best computers.
Ladies and gentlemen, what gives me a huge trust in the future is that we have more power as people to take the big challenges of the planet.
We have the tools with this exponential technology.
We have the passion of the graduate infrastructure.
We have the capital.
And we have 3,000 million minutes that are going to be used to work in the solution of the big challenges and do what we should do.
We have for a few extraordinary decades.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk about a very small idea.
The growth of the patient.
And as the idea can explain in a minute, before you give them three examples to do time.
The first story is about Charles Darwin, one of my heroes.
He was here, as you know, in 1855.
You may believe that it would be penguins, but it wasn't like that.
I actually recognize fish.
And he described one of them as a very common?
It was the fear.
I started a lot to the 1930s.
Now the fish is at the Red Law Rio.
But we've heard this story many times, about Galaxon and other places, so that has nothing of species.
But the case is that we still come to Galaxans.
We still think they're ready.
The flowers still say that they follow insects.
So what happens here?
The second story, also illustrates another concept.
Because I was there in 1988 studying a moon in West Africa.
I was there because I grew up in Europe, and then I wanted to work in Africa.
I thought I could integrate it.
I got a lot with the Sun and I was convinced that I was not there.
This is my first exhibition to the sun.
The moon was surrounded in parallel, and, as you can see, from a few manufacturers.
There were six inches of about 20 cents -- the black white billion.
And the fish of this class was very abundant and passed for a good time, so it was more than the average in Ghana.
When I went up there 24 years later, the amount of fish had been killed to half.
They killed the five cents.
They experience a genetic pressure.
There were no fish.
In a way, they were still happy.
And the fish were still happy to be there.
Or it is, nothing to change, but everything has changed.
My third story is that I was complicated in the introduction of the passenger fishing in the Asian Asia.
In the 1970s, well, he started in the 1970s, Europe made a lot of development projects.
The developing fishing is supposed to implement the countries that were already 100 feet, to imagine the industrial fish.
And this boat, quite flower, is called the Movement four.
I was going to fish in it, and we did studies in the south of China Mexica, and especially in the Jame Mar.
What we captured was something invisible.
We call it, now the bottom of the sea.
Eighty percent of what we capture were speech, other animals who are in the bottom.
And most of the fish are a little bit of tiny manufactures about a few answers, risks that are a coral reef fish.
In summary, the bottom of the sea came to the cave and then it was reduced.
These images are extraordinary because the transition is very quick.
In a year, you make a study and then starts the commercial fish.
The bottom is going to be a solid color business, in this case, to be a political.
This is a dead drug.
They didn't eat them. They found them because they were dead.
Once we captured a life.
I was still no head.
So they wanted to kill it because it was a good food.
So this mountain mountain is what the fishermen is going to be the fishermen every time you go to a area where you've never seen.
But it doesn't be documented up.
We transform the world but we don't remember it.
So let's take the point of particular, the new level, without remembering what was there.
If we generate this something like this.
In the axis and we have good things in the axis and we have a lot of orders, the summer of the country, the water.
And that changes with time. It changes because people do things with nature.
Each generation uses the images of their life as the normal life as the normal life and exploration it up.
The difference is that they perceive the loss.
But they don't perceive the loss that happened before.
You can analyze the speed of change.
And at the end of the end to keep a little bit of resources.
And that, in big measure, we want to do now.
We want to keep things that are no longer -- or they're not what they were.
But you should think that this problem affects the people when the predatory societies kill animals without knowing what they have done to some generations later.
Because, obviously, an animal that is very absolutely, before they extracted, is little free.
You don't lose an amazing animal.
You lose animal animals.
Even if this doesn't perceive like a great loss.
Over time, we focus out in the big animals and in a large single single fish.
They become a little bit frequent because the fish.
Over time, they have a few fish, but we think that that is the point of particular.
And the question is, why do we accept this?
Well, because we don't know that it was different.
In fact, a lot of people, scientists, question that it was very different.
And they will do it because the evidence presented in a whole way is not the way they expect to have evidence.
For example, the anecdote that some of them, as they copy a lot of fish in this area can't be used, or therefore they don't use the scientists, because it's not scientific?
So we have a situation where people don't know the past, even though we live in industrial societies, because they don't trust the sources of the past.
From there the huge role that can be able to take a protected marine area.
Because with the professional areas, we actually remember the past.
We remember the past that people can't be able to conceive because the score point has gone up and is quite low.
That's for the people who can see a protected marine area and they can benefit from the vision that protected, which allows them to erase your own point.
And what happens with people who can't do it because they don't have access like the Middle America, for example.
I think there are the arts and the movie perhaps you can bring the vacuum.
This is a simulation of the Bather Baby.
A long time ago, there were gray whales in the Charles of Charlesheaks: 500 years ago.
And they would have noticed that the mathematics and the techniques are like "Good?
And if you think about "Landard, if you think about what people are moving with the movie to talk about the story of Politics, why are you going to get the images?
Because I choose something that in a sense, it's lost.
So my recovery, the only one to give you is to Camero, make "The water in the water.
Thank you very much.
Hi. I'm Kevin Algradia, the General networks, and I look at Coloric videos in a professional way.
It's true.
So today we see why videos make viral and what matter has that.
We all want to be stars, celebration, salitans, commons, common -- when I was younger -- that seemed something very, very difficult.
But today, the web video makes any one of us, or our actions, color in a part of our global culture.
Anyone can be famous in the Internet in a single single.
You get over 24 hours of video to YouTube per minute.
And of course, just a little percentage of it becomes viral -- it gets innovation of vision and cultural movement.
How does that happen?
Three things, creatures of production communities and surprise.
Well, let's start.
Bean Rapid, Oh my God, my God.
Oh my God!
Guan."
Oh, guaranteentian."
KA: Last year, Ben Schapley published this filmed video outside his house in the National National park.
In 2010, it was seen 23 million times.
This graph shows the reputation in the public sun of the last summer.
Beach is not likely to make a viral video.
I just wanted to share a double grandmother.
That's what you do if it's called Montana Movement Ber.
I had been published many videos of nature.
This video had been published in energy.
So what happened here?
It was Jim Kimmi.
Jim Kimmission published this guy who captured the video to the public.
The trends of trends like Jim Vikas presented us new and interesting things and they divide them to a wider audience.
Record Black,  It's views, you know, you have to start the windows --  --  Everybody wants you to get the end of week, the end of week.   Kans, you can see that we could have this conversation without talking about this video without talking about this video.
"Seen Brazil is one of the most popular videos of the year.
They saw it almost 200 million times this year.
This graph shows the frequency of use.
Like "Sea grandmothers, this video seemed to have emerged from anything.
So what happened?
Well, it was Friday, it's true.
And if you ask those other peaks -- they're also views.
But what happened this day, this particular views?
Well, I took it Tota and many blocks started writing about it.
Michael J. News, from Missive Science Trace, was one of the first people in the first people in Twitter.
But the important thing is that one person or a group of treatments have got a point of view, and they share it with a more broad audience -- touching the process.
So this community of people who share this big inner joke then starts talking about that and do things.
And now there are 10,000 parts of Genestare in YouTube.
Just in the first seven days, there was a parachute for each other days.
Unlike the early 20th century, this community paradigm is our way to be part of the phenomenon and doing something new with that.
"No Caladom is a representative animation with a music mathematic.
It's like this, that's it.
This year you saw it about 50 million times.
And if you think that that's rare, you know that there's a version of three hours that have seen four million times.
Until the cats saw this video.
And there are cats that saw other cats see the video.
But the important thing here is the creativity of the Internet community of the Internet.
There were remembers.
Somebody made a version to the ancient one.
And then they made international did.
And suddenly I got a whole representation community that made this to be a silly touches to something that we all can form part.
Because today we don't just enjoy it, we participate.
Who could have predicted something like this?
Who could have predicted "Riscan Iran or Robert Balloonian or "Northern California."
What could you have written this situation.
In a world in which two days of video for minute, only that truly unique and unexpected can get rid of the way these things have done it.
When a friend told me that I had to see this big video of a kind that protected against the mountains in New York, I admit that I don't feel too much.
Case Streets: I was going to be crazy by the biological but often there are the obstacles that you can be cleaned by the biological.
KA: Thank you to the surprising effect and his humor, Cape Nigeria, made the five million to see and understand their idea.
So this approach is worth for everything we do in creative form.
And all of this leads us to a big question.
Bean Reparkable: What does this mean?
Oh.
KA: What does this mean?
The traditions of trends, creative creative communities of participation, the fully unexpected of a new kind of media -- of a new culture, that we all have access and is the audience that defines the public.
As I said before, one of the current celebrations of the world, Justine Bene, started in Politic.
They don't make permission to express their ideas.
Now we are all a little bit of a little bit of dark culture.
These are not the characteristics of the old media -- you are still in the current media, but they define the entertainment of the future.
Thank you.
This is not a strange story.
It's a puzzle that is still a professional.
Let me tell you about some of the pieces.
Imagine the first piece, a man pushing the work of a whole life.
It's a poet, a drug -- a man whose entire life had been supported in the unique hope of unit and freedom of his country.
So imagine as the communities train in San -- facing the fact that their life had been totally in view.
The words -- for so many friends, now they were broadcast.
It boils in the silence.
Market was worried for history.
He's my grandfather.
I never met it.
But our lives are much more than our memories.
My grandmother never allowed me to forget their story.
And my task was not to let that have been in virus, and my lesson was to learn that the story tried to apply, but we build.
The next part of the puzzle is about a boat when you get slightly disappearing to the sea.
My mother was just 18 years old when his father died, and a collective market and two small girls.
For her, life had been arrested to a strange state, the scene of his family and a new life in Australia.
It was amazing for her.
And after a four years of five years that challenge the fiction, a boat is designed to the sea described sea.
All the adults knew the risks.
The greatest fear was the paradies, violence and death.
As most adults, my mother took a freedom with poison with come.
If you carry, we would first take my sister and I, and then she and my grandmother.
My first memories are from that boat, the constant pace of the engine, the protein is holding in every wave and the empty and empty house.
I don't remember the participants that came back to several times, but they were sounded with the brave of men in our boat, or the motor motion and couldn't be able to eradicate for six hours.
But I really remember the lights of the oil platform from the coast of Maladum, and the young man that colors and died, finally standing the journey was too much for him, and the first apple I was like, given for the men of the platform.
No apple had after the same sale.
After three months in a refugee field, we showed in Mexico.
And the next piece of the puzzle is about four women over three generations, giving it way to a new life.
We were presented in Facebook, a kind of kind of work that population is composed by immediate.
Unlike the mastery of the middle class -- whose existence I was described, in Facebook, had no sense of the right.
The colors that come out of the shops were the rest of the world.
And the fruits of English England are trained between people who had one thing in common, they were starting again.
My mother was working in farmers, then in a kind of car motor, working six days -- double surface.
And yet, I found time to study English and get a title in TED information.
We were poor.
All of the dollars were said, and I established a strange tumor in England and mathematics -- no matter what you should be able to be able to be able to be a new piece of hand.
Two pairs of media for school, one to hide the holes of the other.
A school uniform to the bases, because I had to spend six years.
And there were a rare and dollars on the "play "the "the God and some graphics, Alexides, go home.
How do you know?
Something in me is developed.
I was constantly accepted and a voice that said, "I'm going to support them.
My mother, my sister and I slept in the same bed.
My mother was excited every night, but we found us about our day and we heard the movements of our grandmother in the house.
My mother suffered flowers, all of the boat.
And my task was going to be destroyed until his slides started to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to wake it out.
She opened a bunch of computers, then I studied to be strategy and opened another business.
And women came up with their stories about men who couldn't do the transition and engineers and information, and young kids brought up between two worlds.
They were looking for subjects and pathologists.
And they created center.
I lived in parallel worlds.
In one, it was the classic classic student, impressive with what I was looking at myself.
In the other, I was offered in practical lives, traditionally flowing by violence -- the abuse of drugs and the ice of drugs.
But many of them came up through the years.
And by that work, when I studied my last year of grade, I was coming out the angel of the year.
And I went out of a piece of the protection to the other, but his edges didn't fit up.
As long as Afghan, it was now so much, recorded and social activity, invited to speak in sites that had never heard of name, and in homes whose existence would never have imagined.
I didn't know the prototypes.
I didn't know how to use them.
I didn't know how to talk about wine.
I didn't know how to talk about anything.
I wanted to go back to the routine and the living of life in a subjective suburban -- a grandmother, a mother and two daughters finishing the day as they did for almost 20 years, telling you about the day of every 20 years in the same bed.
And I told my mom who couldn't do it.
I remember that I had now the same age that she had when we went back to the boat.
He had never been an option.
"Hey, he said, "And you're not what you're not you?"
So I talked about youth and education and decision to the manufactured and the destinations.
And the most frankly, I was going to talk about it was solving to talk about.
I met people from all walks of life, many of them doing what they love, living in the front of the possible.
And although I finished my license, I realized I couldn't stay in a baby career.
It had to be another piece of the puzzle.
And I realized at the same time that is okay to be a decention, a recipe of it, new in the scene -- and not just that it's okay, but it's something that will be arrived, perhaps a bread of the boat.
Because it can be the way it can easily mean to catch the hours, it can easily mean to accept the budget of your privacy.
I gave the enough steps outside my office zone to know that, yes, that the world is destroyed, but not the way we fear it.
You may not have been allowed to be allowed to be preventing three.
There was an energy in there, an algorithm of a surface of humility.
So I followed my intuition.
Together to a small group of people who the motto cannot do it was an amazing challenge.
For a year we didn't have a dinner.
At the end of every day, he made a giant slight of soup that we all share.
We were working at the night.
Most of our ideas were crazy -- but some brilliant, and we opened it down.
I took the decision of moving the U.S.
After one journey.
My heart.
Three months later, I had moved me, and the adventure.
Before I finished, let me tell you about my grandmother.
She grew up in a time where Congress was the social normal and the local Market was the person who matters.
Life hadn't changed for centuries.
His father died little after she was born.
The mother was sure.
At the age of 17, they became a manager of the manager whose mother makes.
No support of his husband, causes a memory to fix it and take the cause themselves, and a lot more release cause when you win.
The can't be able to be wrong.
I was in the left in the fourth of a hotel in Sydney when she died, to a billion miles in Mexico.
I looked through the map of the shower and I saw it standing on the other side.
I knew I had come back to leave.
My mother calls minutes later.
Day later, we went to a wonderful team in France and we sat around his hand.
We tell stories and we make sure we were still with her.
At night a monkey came and told us that I had to close the air.
My mother asked us to feel their hand.
I asked the movie: "Why is his hand coming hot, and the rest of the body both as free?
Because you have taken your hand from the morning, he said.
They haven't supported.
If there's a nerve in our family, that runs through women.
Given who we were and how life we were like, we can now see that men who would have come to our lives to be freedom.
The desert would have done exponentially.
Now I want to have my own kids, and I ask me about the boat.
Who could do that for you?
However, I fear the privilege of the easy, the right.
Can I give you a piece in your lives, holding brave in every single smell, the constant pace of the engine, the hot adult that doesn't make a lot of all?
I don't know.
But if I could do it and see it back to her, I would do it.
Three News and also the mother of this is now here today, in the fourth or fifth stop.
My story starts in Raddom about two years ago.
I was in the desert, under the state sky, with the fourth Museum Salu Sand.
We were telling how nothing has changed from the ancient Indian every Martin."
In those days when the Indians we wanted to travel to a car and we were wearing the sky.
Now we do it with airplanes.
At that time, when Robert, the great Indian war, I had been, I had a bread and with a flower to the ground, I got water.
We now do the same with the strange and machines.
The conclusion that we used was that malaria had replaced the magic.
And that made me a lot.
Every time I felt a little bit more team.
I was terrified this idea of losing the ability to enjoy the ability to enjoy and appreciate an approach if I didn't have the camera, if I couldn't take my friends.
It seemed to me that technology had to allow the magic -- not killing it.
I was a girl of my grandmother record me his black play of political religion.
And this technological piece of the 50 years was to my most magical thing.
It became a dead door to a world full of images and paradoxiations in my imagination.
I had the sense that the mobile movements, the luxury rules and the cameras are able to prevent that we are.
They fund our inspiration.
And so I was a common world to see how to use it to create magic -- instead of killing it.
Every 16 years.
So when I saw the iPad. I saw a narrative device to connect the readers of the entire world.
You can know how we take the book.
Where are we?
To pursue the text with imagination, the animation, the sound and the touch.
Nature becomes more much more multiple.
But what does that mean?
I'm about to launch Khania, an interactive application for iPad.
He says, "Get your fingers on every light.
And like this.  He says, "This box seen -- I wrote my name.
And so I got a character of the book.
In several times I got a letter -- the iPad. The iPad. He knows where you live to GPS -- which comes straight to me.
My inner child is excited with all these possibilities.
I've talked a lot of magic.
And I don't mean magical and drugs, but to that magic of childhood, to those ideas that we did of children.
For some reason, the fireflies in a fraction always became an approach.
So here we have to find the iPad.
And really, they illuminate your way in the rest of the book.
Another idea that I was fascinated by girl was that a whole galaxy would be a ball.
So here, every book and every world is transformed in a pocket that I distributed to this magical device in the device.
And this opens a map.
In all of the phantom book has always been maps.
This is a map that grows up, and you work for the rest of the book.
In certain dots of the book as well.
Now I'm going to go in.
Another very important aspect for me is to create Indian content and the control time.
These are the approach here.
We all have heard of the days and the nines, but how many people outside India know their Indian contracts, the speech?
These poor leaders have been trapped in the cameras of India for millennia, in an old book.
So we're trying to go back in a contemporary child story.
In a story that takes current issues like the environmental crisis.
And talking about environmental crisis, one of the problems of the last 10 years, has been that kids have been surrounded, pay to their Pair, they have not been the outside world.
But now with mobile technology, we can take our kids to the natural world with their technology.
One of the interactions of the book is this adventure in which you have to go out of the outside, take the camera or the iPad, and collect images of different natural objects.
As a girl I had a lot of collections -- of course, pain, government and contacts.
For some reason, kids don't do it.
So to remember this ritual of childhood is to go out and in a chapter to take a picture to a flower and then to escape it.
In another chapter, you have to take a picture of a coral piece of cortex, and then you get it.
This way is created a digital collection of pictures that then you can put in the Web.
A child of London puts a picture of a car and says, "Oh, I saw a search."
A child of India says, "I saw a monkey?
And you create this kind of social network in the way to a collection of digital pictures that have been doing.
Inside the victims of connection between magic. The Earth and technology are many possibilities.
In the next book, we planted to have an interaction in which you go out with the iPad. And the video comes up and through a group of the animal sands that appear about the inner plants of the house.
In a moment, the screen is full of dollars.
And you have to do the sound of wind and you can see them to read the rest of the book.
We're going to a world in which the forces of Nature are trained with technology and magic and technology are going to be one another.
We take the energy of the sun.
We're taking our kids and our kids to the natural world and that magic and joy and love that we sit through a simple story.
Thank you.
I want to talk to you about why many of the creature projects.
And I think, really, the most important thing about that is we stopped listening to patients.
And one of the things we did in the Red University was to find a director of listening.
And not in a very scientific way, she takes a little cup of coffee or you and asked patients, family and knowing -- what happened?
"How can we help it?
And we used to think that this is one of the biggest problems for what everyone or maybe not everybody, but most of the professional strange projects we have to stop listening.
This is my million billion school. It's something very simple.
It has a picture of contained and putting up.
All the morning.
And yes, I have a challenge as you can see.
I got the challenge of coming to 95 kilograms old.
But it's so simple, that every time I connected me, I sent my information to Google Hello.
And my doctor doctor has access to him as well. And so he can see what my weight problem, not in the same time that I need to be school and some organization of that style but to see it back.
But there's another thing.
As some of you know, I have more than four cents in Twitter.
So every morning I connected my million million and before I was going to go to my car, people start talking, Long, today I think you need a living lunch.
That's the best thing that can happen, because it's pressure of the walls used to help patients, because it could be used for obesity, and also so that patients stop smoking.
On the other hand, it can be able to be able to move the people of their chairs and together develop some real activity to have more control of their health.
From the next week will be available.
This little biology connected to an iPhone or another device.
And people could be able to take their artistic pressure to send your doctor, and share it with others, for example, for 100 dollars.
This is the point where patients make a position, they go back to the control and to be able to be able to help us to the health care because of the challenges that we face in, as the design of the costs of medical attention, the democratization of the demand and other issues.
Make techniques that are simple to use and start with this to invent patients in the team.
And you can do it with techniques like these, but also by creature.
And one of the things we did wanted to share with you with a video video.
We all have control centers in cars.
Maybe we even have our phones.
We know perfectly where the automated cars are in Marchic.
Also where all the galaxies.
And of course, we can find fast food chain.
But where is the nearest Delocha to help this patient.
Let's ask, but no one knew it.
No one knew where to get DNA saved lives at this moment.
What we did was make creature in the Netherlands, Babby.
We created a website, and we asked it to the public thinking, you see a DNA, please look at it, and when it's open, because sometimes you open in hours of office and others are closed.
And over 10,000 DNA are already presented in the Boston countries.
The next step was looking for the application for that.
And we did an application for the iPad.
We created an app for Lash, real reality, to find these DNA.
And every time you are in the city of Martine and someone colleagues, you can use your iPhone, and the next weeks to use your microbes of Microsoft to find the down the nearest DNA to find the down the nearest Delocaura, which can save lives.
And from today, I wanted to introduce this, not only like Deliching 40 -- which is the name of the product, but also like DNA.
And we want to start to start the global level.
We are taking all the colleagues in the world, in other universities, so that they help us find and work and act as a center for DNA creature around the world.
Every time you are of vacation and someone colors, it can be a bridge or someone in front of you, you can find it.
I would also want to invite companies around the world that could help us value these DNA.
They could be service services or television people, for example, to see if the DNA who shows is still in their place.
Please leave us in this and not only improve health but take the control of it.
Thank you very much.
I'm here to share my photograph.
Or is it a photographical state?
Because, of course, they're photographs that can't take with your cameras.
My interest in the photograph was destroyed with my first digital camera to 15 years.
It's mixed with my own passion in the drawing but it was a little bit different, because when you use the camera, the process was in planning.
And when you take a photograph with a camera, the process ends up when you press the public.
For me, the photograph had more to do with being in the right place, in the right moment.
It seemed to me that anybody could do it.
So I wanted to create something different, a process that began to introduce the public.
Police like this, a building in a very intense career.
But it has an unexpected green.
And despite that, it keeps a level of real reality.
Or pictures like these, dark and colors at the time, but with the common goal to maintain the level of real.
And when I say real to say brain.
Because, of course, it's not something that can capture but I always want you to have been captured in some way as a photograph.
Posts that you have to think about a moment to discover the trick.
It has more to be able to capture an idea that to capture a moment.
But what is the trick that makes them seem real?
Are the details or colors?
Do you find the light?
What is the increasing thing?
Sometimes the illusion is the perspective.
But at the end is about our way to interpret the world and how you can perceive in a two-dimensional surface.
It's actually not about whether it's real, but what we think is real.
So I think the foundations are very simple.
I see it as a result of the reality that we take different pieces of reality, and we put them to create an alternative reality.
I'll show you a simple example.
Here we have three perfect objects that we all relate with the three-dimensional world.
But combined in a certain way you can create something that still seems trivial, as if you exist.
But at the same time, we know that there is no exist.
So we add the brain because the brain doesn't accept the fact that it doesn't really have sense.
And I see the same process to combine the pictures.
It's really going to get different reality.
And the things that make a picture seems real, I think they're those in which we don't even think of them in our everyday life.
But when you combine photographs is very important to consider it, because otherwise something will be wrong.
So I would like to say that there are three simple rules that will continue to achieve real results.
As you can see, these images are not very special.
But compared, you can create something like this.
So the first rule is that the combination combination must have the same perspective.
Second, the common pictures must have the same kind of light.
And these two images take with these responses, they were taken to the same height and with the same kind of light.
The third point is to make it impossible to distinguish the principle and the end of the different images with a perfect plan.
It has to be impossible to see where the image.
This is another example.
I could think that this is the image of a landscape, and the lower part is manipulated.
But this image is completely composed by pictures of different places.
In the personal time I think it's easier to create a place to find it because you don't need to put the ideas that you have in the head.
But it takes a lot of planning.
And as I thought this idea in winter knew that I had several months to painting, to find the different equations for the pieces of the puzzle.
For example, the fish was captured in a fishing journey.
The costs are a different difference.
The chemical part was captured in a piece of stone.
And yes, I even did red the house of the island of the island so that it seems more surface.
So in order to get a real result I think it takes plants.
It always starts with a boat, an idea.
Then you have to combine the different pictures.
And here every piece is very good.
If you do a good job when you take the pictures that the result can be very beautiful.
All the tools are there and the only limit is our imagination.
Thank you.
I'll start showing a slide about technology, very boring.
Please if you can put it.
It's a diagram of any one that I took a care of me.
I'm not interested to show you the details, but the general aspect is.
It's about an analysis that we were doing about the potential of Microbiant microscopes versus the power of local area.
What's interesting about this is that this is, as many other we used to see, is a kind of straight line in school scale.
In other words, every step here represents an order of magnitude.
Talk about technology with self-study creatures is something remarkable.
Here's something strange.
And that's what I'm going to talk about.
Please get the lights.
I need more intense because writing about paper.
Why are we recording technological curves in the language scales.
The answer is that if you draw them in a normal curve in which we say, these are the years, or some unit of time, and this would be any measure of the technology that I wanted to graduate, the diagram would be something ride.
It would be something like this.
It doesn't say a lot.
But if you recorded it, for example, some other technology, like transportation, in a service curve would be very dumb, we see a straight line.
But if something like this, it's given a cultural change.
If the technology technology will be as fast as the microbes of microbes, past morning, we could take a taxi and be in Twitter in 30 seconds.
But it doesn't move up to that car.
There is no prices in the history of the technological development that every few years old.
The question that I want to plan is -- look at these exponential curves -- we see that they don't follow forever.
It's not possible to sustain this change as fast as it goes.
It happens one of two things.
Or it's going to become a typical curve I know like this as a completely different, or maybe do something like this.
That's all that can happen.
I'm optimistic -- so I think that maybe I think that you may have something like this.
So we're going to be in the middle of a transition.
In this line, we're in a transition of what used to be the world, to a new way.
So what I try to wonder, and ask you, is what is that new way that adopted the world?
What new state is doing the world?
The transition seems very, very confident if we are immersed in it.
I remember the future in the year 2000, and people used to talk about what happens in the year 2000.
This is a conference where people talk about the future, and we see that the future is still the year 2000.
That's all we see.
In other words, the future has come on, year after year, along my life.
But I think you have to feel that something is happening.
We can feel it. We can feel it.
And we know that it doesn't have a lot of sense to think about 30 or 50 years because everything will be so different to extract what we're doing today doesn't have any sense.
So I want to talk to you about how it could be, how could that transition that we experience it.
But to do that to do a little bit of things that don't have a lot to do with technology and information.
Because I think the only way to understand it is taking distance and look at things at a long term.
The scale of time I would like to do is the time of life in Earth.
I think this image has sense if we look at every billion years old.
So we brought up about about about 250 million years when Earth was a great state of star with many chemicals that they failed to their around.
If we look at the way that we organize those chemicals give us an idea of how things happen.
And I think there are theories to begin to understand the origin with the RNA -- I'm going to tell you a simple version of this and is that, at that moment, there had been floating a bunch of attention with all sorts of chemical recipes in their inside.
Some of those cars in the face contain a particular combination of chemicals that made them increasing materials of the outside and so the gars grew up.
And they started to survive.
In a sense, those were the most primitive cell forms -- those ancient games.
But those cats were not alive, in the current sense, because every one of them contained a random access of chemicals.
And every time you divide a distributed distribution of the chemicals that they content.
So every player was a little bit different.
In fact, the cats that somehow they were available to be better than the time to incorporate the criminal chemicals -- they grow more, they were getting more chemicals and they are divided.
They generally live more time, they were more representation.
It was a form of life, chemical life, very simple, but things were interested interesting.
In some ways we don't understand very well, these goals learned to store information.
They learned information, which was the recipe of the cell, in a special chemical called DNA.
In other words, they were involved in this neurons without sense, a writing system that allows them to regenerate what they were to be able to be able to be represent.
The amazing thing is that that writing system seems to have been stable to be stable since it evolved.
Our recipe, our genes, have exactly the same code, that same writing system.
In fact, every life is expressed with exactly the same set of letters and the same code.
And one of the things I did just for fun. We can now write things with this code.
So here I have 100 white military microbes that try to hide people's security people.
But it goes, I took this code, the code has the common letters that we used to use in this -- and I wrote my personal data in this arm of DNA, and I applied it 10 to 20 times.
So if someone wants 100 million copies of my personal card I have a lot for all the presentations, in fact, for every person in the world and is here.
If it was a church, he would have put it in a virus and he would have written it on the room.
What was the next step?
I would write DNA was an interesting.
This made these cells were happy another billion years old.
But then there was another great kind of interesting step in which things were very different, and it was that these cells started to change and communicating information to be able to communicate and communicate communication communities.
I don't know if you know, but bacteria can change DNA.
So for example, for example, evolved the resistance to antibiotics.
Some bacteria found the way to avoid the page, and they were used to create their little DNA with other bacteria, and now there are a lot of residents to the page because bacteria are communicate.
This communication was going to be able to form communities that in a way, in a way, they were together in that, and they had a system.
And so they would survive or fail together, or it is that if a community was very successful all the individuals of that community were represented more and they were funded by evolution.
And the point of infection happened when these communities were used so much that, in fact, they went together and decided to write all the recipe of the community together in a DNA chain.
The next interesting stage for life took another billion years old.
And in that stage we have molecular communities, communities of many types of different cells working together as a single organism.
In fact, we are a molecular community.
We have a lot of cells that don't act alone.
The skin cell doesn't serve without the heart, or the muscles or the brain, and so on.
So these communities evolved and they were more interesting levels that the cell -- something that we call a organism.
The next level happened inside these communities.
These began to open information information.
And to build very special structures that they didn't do more than process information in community.
It's the neural structures.
The neurons are the apartments that produce information that cell communities build.
In fact, they started to expand in the community of the community being the responsible structures of recognize, understanding and transparency information.
Those were the brains and the nervous system of those communities.
And that gave them an evolutionary advantage.
Because at that time as individuals, the learning was connected to the duration of an organism, and not the evolutionary period of time.
So an organism could say, for example, learn not to eat a certain fruit because he knew bad and sense the last time the bed.
That could happen for the life of an organism given that before they had built these process processing structure structures that by evolution would have learned for hundreds of thousands of years for the death of individuals that ate that frustration front.
So the fact that the nervous system would build those current information structure structures increase the evolutionary process.
Because evolution could now occur to an individual.
It could happen in time needed to learn.
But then, of course, the individuals discovered the trick.
So for example, the most relevant version we know is the human language.
If we think about it, it's an amazing investment.
I have a very complicated idea of a sacred idea, in the head.
I'm here sitting up with a little bunch of groups, and with lucky, building a similar idea, and it goes and conference, in their heads that had a certain analogy with the mine.
But we take something very complicated about it in sound, in security sequences and we produce something very complicated in another brain.
That now allows us to start to work as an organism as a organism.
In fact, as humanity, we've started to do abstractions.
Now we went up for similar periods of the molecular organisms, we use our reproductive methods.
For example, the invention of language was a little step in that direction.
The television, the information, the city of video -- the China, and it's the specialized mechanisms that we now build to handle that information.
And that gets us in something much larger and faster and able to evolve more than we do before.
Now evolution can happen.
You saw the evolutionary example of the Tomore in which he produced a certain evolution with the conventional program, in our eyes.
And now we have accelerated time scales again.
The first stages of the story that I told you a billion years ago, every one of you.
The next stages, the nervous system and the brain, took a few million years old.
The next one, language -- they took less than a million years old.
And the next one, like the election, seems to take just a few decades.
The process is a meaning, I guess that the right word is the right word to be able to make something that supports their own challenge of change.
The more changes, faster it does.
And I think that's what we see in this explosion of the curve.
We see that the process is falling up.
But I won my life designing computers, and I know that the mechanisms that I work to design them would not be possible without the recent economic events.
But now design objects that would be impossible for me to design them in a conventional way.
I don't know that every transistor in that machine.
There are thousands of million.
Instead of that, with DNA Machics, we think about an adaptation level, we put it in the machine, and the machine with that does something that you can't be able to get a lot more and faster than never before.
In fact, sometimes it involves methods that we don't even understand good.
A particularly interesting method that I've been using limited, is evolution itself.
We put it inside the machine of the evolutionary process that would operate in the scale of the microbes of the microphone.
And for example, in the most extreme cases, we can evolve a program from a random assumption of institutions.
Do we say, "Please computer, you can run a hundred million sequences of instruments to adaptable?
Could you tell you these sequences of institutions at random, to exercise all those programs, and take those who are more approaching what we want to do?"
In other words, I decided what I want.
Let's say that I want to provide numbers, to put a simple example.
So we find the programs that are more going to get numbers.
Of course, it's a little bit likely that a few basic sequences of instructions. You get numbers, so none of them do it.
But one, luckily, I could put two numbers in the right order.
And I said, "Common could you take 10 percent of those random sequences that better did the talk?
Let's take those and we choose the rest of the rest of it.
And we now reduce the ones that better the numbers.
And we go back to them following a process of reward angle to sex?
We take two programs, which will get children, which will be surprised, and the kids are going to be the properties of both programs.
So we got a new generation of programs of programs that had a little bit more success.
And we say, "Please repeat the process.
Called again.
It involves some mutations in between.
And I try again and record with another generation.
Well, every generation takes a few millions.
So I can do the equivalent of millions of years of evolution in a few minutes or in complicated cases, in a few hours.
At the end, we ended up with programs that are absolutely perfect.
In fact, they're a lot more efficient programs than the ones I could have written in hand.
If I look at those programs, I can't say how they work.
I've tried to analyze them to see how they work.
They're dark programs, strange programs.
But they take the comet.
In fact, I know, I have the security that you get the goal because they come from a tens of thousands of thousands of programs that they did.
In fact, their lives depend to do it.
Once I was in a 74 with Martin Missions and I took a card and he says, "Look at this.
He says, "This airplane has hundreds of thousands of thousands of parts who work together to offer a safe flight. You don't feel transparency?
We know that the engineering processes don't work very well when they become complicated.
So we started to depend out of computers to make very different design.
And that allows us to produce much more complex things than the normal engineering.
However, we don't understand from all the choices that are there.
In that sense, it goes in front of us.
Now we use those programs to make computers much faster, and so you can exercise these programs much more quickly.
Or it is meaning.
The thing is going to be faster and so I think it seems so constant.
Because all these technologies are makes up.
We're developing.
And we are at a moment of an annual time to the cell organisms when they become multiple.
We are the birds and we can't understand what dinosaurs we're created.
We're in the incredible point.
But I think something comes behind us.
I think it would be very argument of our part to think that we are the final product of evolution.
And I think that all of us are part of the creation of what it is to come.
But now comes up the lunch and I think that I would stop here before I was everywhere.
I think we have to do something with a part of the medical culture that should change.
And I think this starts with a doctor, and that's me.
And I've completed the enough time to allow me to get part of my favorite false in that.
Before I treat the theme of my talk, we talk a little bit of biological.
Why not?
We are about the end of the end of the world.
Are the biology, right?
The baseball is full of amazing statistics.
There are hundreds of statistics.
It's for the rules of the groups, talking about the statistics and use them to form a great baseball team.
I'm going to focus on one of them and I hope many of you know it.
It's called battle meat.
And we talk about 300 from a battery that kills 300 percent.
That means that the black back of each 10 times.
That means to take the ball to the game field without being a passenger, and that any one that tries to take it to the first base -- not come to time, and the second base will be saved.
Three attempts of 10.
You know how they call a 300 in the Great Lines?
Well, really good, maybe of the team.
Do you know how they call a 40-year-old ball."
By the way, that's some of 10 galaxies, it takes four.
Leadership, as the Chief West Google, the last player of Moore's largest Libran in exciting more 400 people in a regular temperature.
Now we bring this to my world of medicine where I feel much more comfortable or perhaps less uncomfortable after what I'm telling you today.
They assume that they have answers and they're developed to a surgeon that has also an arrow of 400 in answering.
It doesn't work, right?
Now you assume that they live in a place around and a dear of a dear has two complete corresponds and your family doctor, which was a carding in an angional is 2000.
But do you know something?
She's improving this year.
And their ancestors have been 25.
This is not working.
But I'll ask you.
What do you believe you should be the average of a heart creature or a capital or a control objective?
One, very good.
And the truth of the matter is that no one in the whole medicine knows the challenges of a good surgeon, from a doctor or malaria.
What we do, though, is to send you to the world, and it includes me, with the mass of being perfect.
That never, you get a mistake and thinking about how to do well.
That was the message that I was in the middle of medicine.
I was a complicated objective student.
Again, a company in the school said that Brian Gold studied until a blood side.
And so on.
I studied in my little destiny, in the rest of the New General Health in Tota, not far from here.
And I learned all of memory.
Out of my class of animal, memory memory and music work, the radiation of every artery that comes out of the face, the dark difference and not hostilling.
And I even knew the difference of how to identify the real curve activity.
And as much more and more knowledge.
And I was very good. I graduated with honest.
And I went back from medicine school with the impression that if I memory everything, then I would know everything, or the most possible thing to all of all, because I would imagine the mistakes.
And it worked for a time, until I met the degree of Drugs.
I was responding in a college hospital here, in Turkey when they brought the brother to the service of emergency where I worked.
At the time I was assigned to the sea service.
And when emergency was going to go to a carding care to go to that patient.
And it will report the boss of research.
When I saw the brother France, I was going on.
I heard a responsible sound.
And when the audience, I heard a healthy sound in both sides -- what I was inspired by a constant capacity of constantly.
In these conditions the heart, the heart stopped working, and instead of committed the blood, the blood goes to the lungs, these are coming out of blood, and that's why there's hard to breathe.
And it was not hard to diagnose it.
I did it and I asked me to work in the treatment.
I gave it an analytical and medicine to alleviate the pressure in their heart.
I gave it different, play plays, so that I could remove liquid line.
And in a time or two, she started feeling better.
And I felt very good.
And there was when I started the first mistake. He sent her home.
Actually, I started two mistakes.
He sent her home without talking with the boss of responses.
I didn't get the phone and I didn't do what should be done, which was called my boss and put it with him to see her.
And if my boss would have seen it, he would have been able to make complete information.
Maybe I did it for a good reason.
Maybe I didn't want to be a resident that would require constant attention.
Maybe I wanted to be so successful and able to take responsibility -- that could take care of my patients.
The second mistake I started was worse.
When I send it back to his house, I didn't pay attention to a voice in my inner to me, "Wolver, it's not a good idea.
In fact, I was so inspired that until I asked the nurse that I was going to the Sea Shrist, you think it's okay if you go to your house?
And the nurse thought, and then he said to natural care, "Yeah, I think will be fine.
I remember that as if it was yesterday.
And so I started the high, and the ambulance together with the parents took her home.
And I went back to the hospital room.
The rest of that day, that afternoon, I had a bad presentation in the state.
But I kept with my job.
At the end of the day, empathy to leave the hospital and walk to the parking parking of my car where I was my car to go home.
I went through the emergency service service to home.
And there another service, not the one who was coming out of the brother France before, but another one. He told me three words, those three words that most of the emergency medical doctors.
Other specialists are also, but there is a particular in emotional and is that we see the perfect patients.
So the three words are you?"
Is it about the patient that I sent your house?
I asked the other nurse with total natural.
So she goes, with the same cup of voice.
She was fine.
But I went back and at the edge of death.
In the case of a time to have come home, after I gave him the high, it suffered a collaboration and his family called the 1980s, the parents brought up to emergency with a death of 50 miles Hilo, which means a severe sea.
I was just breathing and was blue.
The emergency staff puts all their resources.
They gave me medicine to get the artistic pressure.
And they put it an artificial responsibility.
I was controlling and helping the shape.
I had a mixture of feelings because after the structure was in intensive therapy, and I expected against all hope that would be recognized.
And in the two or three days it was evidence that I would never wake up.
I had a surprise brain.
The family.
And in eight or nine days, they went back to what was happening.
And the ninth day, he stopped going up, the the brother drug, wives, mother and grandmother.
They say they never forget the names of the names they die.
That was my first experience.
The next weeks -- I was asked by it and experiment for the first time that there is in our medical culture, and I felt just -- I just feel that healthy shame because you can't talk to your colleagues.
You do the peace and never more eating that mistake.
It's that shame that leaves a message.
The wonderful shame that I talk about is what makes us feel very bad for it.
It's the thing that tells us not that what we did was bad, but we are bad.
And that felt like.
And it was not for my boss, he was an except.
I talked to the family and I'm sure that I had a little bit of things and make sure that they wouldn't be developed.
And I kept doing those questions.
Why didn't I ask my sea? Why did he send her home?
And in my worst moments, why did I get a sort of teacher?
Why is medical ever?
Shortly that feeling was described.
And I began to feel better.
And in a suddenly blue day, he opened the sky and finally came out the sun. And I was wondering if I felt better again.
And I made a talk to me in which if I had the efforts to be perfect to be perfect.
And so it was.
I went back to work.
But I went back to happen.
Two years later, I was helping me in the emergency department in a community hospital to northern Torology, and I received a 15-year-old man with a pain in the graduate.
I was very busy and healthing.
And he went up here.
I looked at his galaxy, I was a little color.
I described it penguins and sent him to his house.
But as he gave the door, he kept her geometry.
Two days later, when I came to do my grade change, my boss asked me to talk to me to track with my office.
And I played the three words, you know?
Remember the patient that saw a pain in the galaxy?
And he went back and I didn't have a strategic flower.
I had a potentially moral approach called school.
You can look at Google -- it's an infection -- not the genome, but from the upper air, and that can cause the king of those days.
He was unfortunately not fail.
You get antibiotics for an amazing and you can recognize the few days.
And you bring up the same period of shame and the reports, then I brought me and went back to work, until it happened again and again and again.
Two times in the same group of growth, they don't discover responsibility.
And it's a great effort, especially working in a hospital, because it takes 14 patients at the same time.
But in both cases, I didn't send them home, and I don't think it's been a depression.
One of them thought I had a real cycle.
You hear a radio representation, but it was normal. A colleague that was coming back to the patient lost a certain sensitivity in the right bottom and called the surgeon.
The other patient was with a lot of drug.
I read liquid to reject and I asked my colleague to get it.
You see it and when you notice a certain sense in the right chart, I called the surgeon.
Both of them were operated and they were rejected well.
But every case I was angry, I was a mean.
But I would like to tell you that I started the worst mistakes in the first five years of exercise, and as a lot of colleagues say, it's a best.
The most significant has been over the last five years.
Just and no support.
And here is the problem: if I can't release and talk about my mistakes, if I can't find the victim that I really tell me what really happens, how could I share this with my colleagues?
How do I teach you this so that they don't eat the same errors?
If I would go to a place like this, I would have no idea what you think about me.
When it was the last time you heard someone talking about failure, after failure, after factory?
Of course in a party to hear about the mistakes of other doctors, but they won't hear someone talking about their own mistakes.
And if I knew and my colleagues also, that a program in my hospital called the wrong leg -- I mean, I would have difficulty to look at the eyes.
This is the system we have.
The total processing of mistakes.
It's the system that there are two positions -- the ones that make mistakes and the ones that you can't afford and the ones that you have a result of outcomes and the ones that have a result.
And it's almost like a ideological reaction as an antibody that starts to attack that person.
We have the idea that if we move out of medicine to people who eat mistakes, we would have a safe system.
But that brings two problems.
In 20 years of distributed and medical journalism, I've done a real personal study of bad peace and medical mistakes to learn how possible, from the first article I wrote for the State State to my program, "The Cortant Cort, Brazil Artist Brown Brazil art.
And what I learned is that the mistakes are obsession.
We work in a system where the mistakes are happening every day, in which one of 10 drug drugs in the hospital are wrong, or democracy is not right -- in a system where the amazing choices are increasingly increasingly and more numbers, making chaos and death.
In this country, they die 24 children by foreign medical markets.
The United States Institute was 100 percent.
In both cases, it's about baby surgeons, because we're not telling the problem as we should.
And so they are things.
A hospital system where knowledge is moving every two or three years old, and we don't do it.
The prevalence of sleep sends everything.
And we can't get rid of it.
We have cognitive sensors that allow us to make a perfect story of a patient with pain in the chest.
Now, let's take the same patient with a pain in the chest. It comes crazy with flower eyes and the street to alcohol, and suddenly my story is kind of described.
It's not the same story.
I'm not a robot -- I don't do things as well.
And my patients are not cars. They don't get their symptoms always in the same way.
All of this, the mistakes are invisible.
So if we take the system as you taught us, and we feed all the professional professionals to error, well, you will not stay anything.
And with it that people don't want to talk about their biggest cases.
In my program, "Freedomic Art art, it's already a computer saying, "This is my worst mistake. I would tell everybody, from the parachute to the career of surface surgery -- this is my worst error, blue, blue, base: "What are your professionals?
And their students are going to be defined, they get a leave the head and they would try to tell their stories.
They want to tell their stories, they want to share them.
They want to say, "Look, don't eat the same mistake.
They need a context where you can do it.
They need a recorded medical culture.
And it starts with a doctor every time.
The redefining doctor is human, you know, human decision, and they are not proud of their mistakes, but it's effort to learn what happens to teach others.
You share their experiences with them.
It's support.
It turns out the mistakes of other people not with the attempt of them, but in a massive way and support so that they all benefit.
And I work in a medical culture that recognizes that human beings run the system, and when this happens, they eat mistakes in the time.
My name is Brian Goldman.
I'm a recorded doctor.
I'm human, I eat mistakes.
And I feel a lot but I feel a lot to learn something that can transform others.
I don't know what you think about me, but I can live with that.
And let me conclude with three personal words, I remember it.
Do you know how many decisions take a day, you know?
Do you know how much we choose in a week?
I did a little bit more than 2,000 people and the average amount of choice that says to hide an average American -- it's about 70 to the day.
It's not a lot of a lot of research for a week to a group of companies.
The researchers recorded the different tasks for these executives and the time that they started to make decisions related with those tasks.
They found that, in average, 1940 work for week.
Now, naturally, every job includes many dimensions.
Half of those decisions took nine minutes or less.
Only one percent received a hour or more of his time.
Now think of their choices.
Do you know how many of the nine minutes, and how many of the earthquake one?
How does the way that makes those decisions.
Today I want to talk about one of the biggest problems of activity, choose to the toy of choices.
I want to talk about the problem and some possible solutions.
While I talk about this I'm going to do a few questions and I need to know their answers.
When I make a question, as I'm blind -- you get the hand only if you want to take cars.
In another way, when you make a question, if your answer is positive please in a pale.
And now my first question of the day, are ready ready to hear about the problem of the opportunities of options?
Thank you.
Being graduate student from the University of Stanford, I graduated this very, very high level, at least in that time was very sophisticated in that way.
It's called Dr.
It was almost like going to a park.
There was about 250 different kinds of mass and view, over 500,000 different types of fruits and vegetables and about 25 percent expensive water. And this was when we take water water.
I loved to go to that store, but in one occasion, I asked, why did I never buy it?
This is the part of the air oil.
They had more than 75 different classes including the ones who were in the street box that came out of the microbial trees.
Once I decided to visit the green and asked him, "Did you try this strategy to offer all these options?
He pointed to me the low targets of surfaces that came up every day, usually with their cameras.
We decided to make a little experiment with the memories.
It's easy.
They were 17 different classes.
We installed a bridge to depression, right at the middle of the store.
We put up there seven six salashes, or about 24 different bloods, and we look at two things, first what people were willing to stop the memory?
More people went out when there were 24, 60 percent -- that when there were only six, 40 percent.
We also look at what case they were more likely to buy a memory dog.
Here we find the opposite effect.
The ones who were spent when there were 44, only 30 percent of them got to buy memory.
And the ones that stopped when there were six, we saw that 30 percent buys measure.
If we do the calculations, people have six times more likely to buy memory if they found six -- that if you found 24 than if they found 24 than if they found 24 than if they found 24 than if you found 24.
Well, to decide that we don't buy memory is probably good to get the line, but it turns out that the problem of the operations of choices are affected in the traditional decisions.
We decided not to decide -- even when this doesn't get us.
Now the theme of the day, the financial savings now.
I'm going to describe a study that I did with World Hubbert Mark Kangeline, and Kenya Jane, where we look at decisions on savings for a million Americans, from about about 75 plans of this country.
We were interested to see if the number of dozens of funds available in plants for region, the 404 program, developed people to save for the future.
And we found that there was actually a correlation there.
We had 75 plans who were coming from two to 57 different choices.
We found that the biggest was the number of freedom borders, there were less participation.
So if we look at the extremes -- we see that in the plans that offer two food, the particular rate was about 80 or more, not as high as you want.
And in the plans that are offering about 60 bucks, the particular rate is defined by 60 percent.
It turns out that even if you decide to participate, when there are more option, even in that case, there are negative consequences.
So for those who decided to participate, how much of them was the number of choice, more people were used to avoid actions or investment.
In the way there would be more option, they were more willing to invest in terms of market.
But none of these strange decisions are the ones that we are going to have to optimize the financial financial well-being.
In the previous decade, we've seen three main negative consequences to offer more and more possibilities.
The most likely thing is that they put the decision, which is still when this goes in against the interest.
It's more likely to take the worst decisions, in finance, and in health.
They are more likely to pick things less character, even though you get better.
The main reason is that we are going to look at that gigantic variety of mathematics, more more and manager, and we are not able to make the calculations to compare and hire and choose from that extraordinary experts.
Today I want to introduce you four simple techniques that we have transformed, in a form or another, in different research, so that they can try in their business.
The first one, Crown.
You've heard it before, but it's never been more true than today, which is less than that.
People are always annoyed when I say, "Freezon."
They are worried for losing space in the animal.
But actually, what we're looking at every time is that if you decided to correct, you get rid of strange choices, there will be an increase in the windows -- you get the costs to be a better experience in choice.
When Roger or Gamman came out of 23 different types of Health or Shapes to 15.
When the Red Google Carbon is called the products for cats that are less sold together, they were used by the uses in 27, for two causes, more blood contents and less costs.
You know that the surfaces of today, in average, 45 products.
In a grocery store, you offer about 100,000 products.
But the largest store in the current world is Alexander and offers only 4,000 products, a kind of stream street standard.
In the world of financial savings I think one of the best examples that have emerged about how to handle the choices is the plant of David Landard, the Harvard program.
All of the employees of Harvard are embedded automatically to a security of life.
What they really want to hide, they offer 20 food, not 300 or more.
You know that often people say, "I don't know how to correct.
These are all important choices.
The first thing I do is ask the employees -- let me say the differences that are among those choices.
And if your employees can't difference, you can't do your climates.
This afternoon, before I started this session, I was talking with Garder.
He told me that I would be willing to offer the people of this audience with a little bit of the largest race of the world.
Here, a description here.
I want you to read.
I'm going to leave a few seconds to read it, and then I want you to get a support if you're ready to take the surface of Garden.
(Back algorithms. Okay. Anyone who's ready to accept the face.
Isn't they more?
Well, I'm going to show you something else.
You knew there was a trick.
Who is ready for that video?
I think it actually loves more hands.
All right.
Actually, you had more information in the first robot, which in the second -- but I can be able to tell you that the second time was more real.
Because the images they were doing more real.
And this leads me to the second technique to manage the problem of choices -- which is Congress.
For people to understand the differences between choice, they have to understand the consequences of every choice, and the consequences have to feel very quickly, very control.
Why does people spend 15 to 30 percent more in average, when you use debate cards, or creature, that when you use electronics?
Because it doesn't seem real money.
It turns out to be more real, can be a very positive tool for people to save more.
We did a study with Sistan Bergentine and Alexander Pressure, about people who worked in innovation, these people were in a meeting in which they were feeding a 404 plan.
At that meeting, we see exactly as a subjective, we did a little story.
What we killed was that we showed the personnel to think about the positive things that are going to happen in their lives if they save more money.
With this minute, there was an increase in the company of 20 percent and an increase in the amount of people who were interested in saving or what they wanted to put in their savings of savings are four.
The third technique is Clain.
We can make more categories than choices.
For example, this is a study we did in a state of magazine.
We saw that in the George Levelopers throughout the edge of the wheel, the research extinction can contain from 38 different types to 755.
But you know?
Because capitalism tells me how to do it.
These are two little blood explorations.
One is called "The Alexander and the other, "Shelter."
If you think of the left is Steve, and the right on the right is Japan, they have a paliam.
(American suppley. Well, there's a few.
If you think of the left is Japan, and the right on the right is Sunner, they have a paliam.
Well, something else.
It turns out it's right.
The one on the left is Japan, and the right is Sunit. But you know something?
This cosmic school is completely useless.
The categories have to indicate something who screams, not as they define them.
You often see this problem with those huge lists of food.
Is it supposed to be information?
My fourth category constantly.
It turns out that we can make a lot more information than what we think about if we only show it a little bit.
We need to increase the complete complexity.
I'm going to show you an example of what I want to say.
Let's look at a very complicated decision of a car.
This is a factory flat of cars that allows you to make care of it.
You've got to take 60 decisions.
And these decisions vary in the number of choices that offers each one.
Color, color outside of the car. I have 15 possibilities.
Mother, box of changes, four choices.
What I'm going to do is to vary the order that the decisions.
So half of the customers are going to go from a lot of options, 55 colors to a few cars.
The other half of the clients are going to go from a few option, four backs, to 55 colors, many choices.
And what am I going to look like?
How involved you are.
If you accept the button because of every decision in every decision, this indicates that are observed, or it is, we're losing them.
We found that the ones who are going to be many choices to a few other, offer the button for defined over and again, and another one.
We lose them.
If you go from a few choices to many, they continue there.
The same information, the same number of choices.
The only thing I did was to attract the order to be presented information.
If we start with the easy, you learn to fight.
Even though the box of changes is not saying nothing about the pressures of the inner depression of all ways to get to choice.
We are excited about a product that we are building that we now have more and more passionate with the process.
To breathe.
I've been talking about four techniques to monitor the problem of options, Crazil all extraordinary antibiotics, Congress, to make it real, care -- we can get more categories with less choices.
All these techniques that I've been presented to be designed to help handle the alternatives or better, for you, to use them in your issues, or for the people who serve you.
So I think that the key to get the best of an choice is being careful to the country.
And the more careful we are in our best elections, we can practice the art of choice.
Thank you very much.
In the 1980s, in the Middle East Anderson, if you had a machine of writing it should reject it to the government.
I had to register a text text of examples written with the machine.
And this for the government could take the origin of terrorism.
If you found a writer with the right message of the right message, they could take the footprint to the origin of the idea.
In the West we don't know that someone could do this, how much that it would release the freedom of expression.
We would never do that in our countries.
But today, in 2011, if you buy a short color professional of any big farmer and print a page, that page will end up having a little yellow public dots in every page that you follow a pattern that makes them or your printer.
That's happening today.
And nobody seems to absorb a lot about this.
This is an example of the ways that our governments use technology against us, the citizens.
And it's one of the three main causes of problems in the network.
If you look at what happens in the world online, we can add the attacks.
There are three main groups.
They are the cybercriminals there.
Like Mr. David Gull Google Google in Carbettly.
The cell cell is very easy to understand.
These guys won money.
They use the Christians to earn a lot of money, innocent incredible.
There are really many cases of miles online, multiple males, who won money with their attacks.
This is Victorian Texage, from Tali, State.
This is Alexander Golda.
This is Stephen Mala.
This is Brown South.
These are Martin Anderson: Twitter Alabanda, and so on.
These guys are doing their flowers online, but they do it by illegal media through the banking trades to steal money money in our own, when we buy online, or steal our keys to get information in our career contraction.
The secret service of America, two months ago, collectively the Swiss account of this guy, Sam Japan, and this question was 1444, when it was control.
Mr. Japan stuck up -- you get her face.
And I say that today is more likely than any of us to be victims of a crime that a real crime.
And it's very obvious that this is going to be wrong.
In the future, most of the crimes will happen in line.
The second group of attacks in matter that we look at today is not motivated by money.
There is another thing that moves, they make them the protests -- they make them the opportunities, they make them the lights.
So groups like Agnes have been incarcerated in the last 12 months playing a paper on the air attacks.
Those are the three main attractions, the criminals that do it for money, machines like Angalon that they do to protect and the last group are the national states of the government the governments that go in.
And then we see cases like Dick.
That's a good example of government attack against their own citizens.
Dance is a contract of Carbon Colorish or actually it was.
I mean, I wanted the last car because of a salarance.
They struggled the security of the site and predicted a code.
Last week I asked, in a meeting meeting of the Dutch government, I asked one of the leaders if they were able to put the death of people from the attack to Dick.
And the answer of him was yes.
So how does people die from an attack of this?
Dance is an activity careful.
You sell creativity.
So what are the creativity of creations?
Well, you need if you have a website website with hosts, services wrote Stephan, services like Mary.
Except you to introduce an extraordinary creative car.
And that they make crazy crazy.
And in the case of Denmark happened exactly that.
And what happened in the Arab Spring and those things that have happened, for example, in Egypt?
Well, in Egypt the protesters were killed the middle of the Egyptian secret police in 1980s, and during the search of the building, they found a lot of paper.
And among those papers was this carding called "Tiny DNA.
And inside that card had noticed notes from a company with boss in Germany who had sold the agricultural government government to intercept the communities of the country.
They had sold this tool by 2000, the Egyptian government.
The silk of the company is right here.
Or it is, the Western governments are providing tools to traditional governments so that they do this to their citizens.
But the Western governments also do this.
For example, in Germany, only a couple of weeks ago, we found the Transparence track of the team of the German government to investigate their own citizens.
If you are solution in a really obvious case, it's pretty obvious that your phone is interact.
But today it goes beyond there.
It's interested the connection to the Internet.
They use even tools like the Transparence Transparence to identify our computer with a terrorist to allow them to see all of the communication and listen to our data.
When we think about things like these obvious answer, it should be a bad thing, but it actually doesn't affect me because I'm a honest citizen.
Why will you start?
I have nothing to compare?
And that argument doesn't have sense.
It's in play.
The privacy doesn't tell you.
It's not a question of privacy against security.
It's about freedom against control.
If we could trust our governments today in 2011, any right that we represent today, will be forever.
Will we trust certain in any future government, in an adaptation that we could have within 50 years?
These are the questions that you need to worry in the next 50 years.
This is where I live in Kenya, in the southern part of National National Park.
These are the cows of my dad, in the bottom, and behind the cow, the National National park.
The National National Park has no close in the most part of the South, which means that the wild animals like the brain migrated out of the park.
And predators, like the lions together, and this is what they do.
Make our won.
This is one of the ones who killed on the night, and so soon we put us in the morning, and we found it dead was very bad because it was the only thing we had.
My community, the mass, we believe that we come from the sky with our animals and all the land to get them, and so we value them so much.
So I grew up with a lot of the lions.
They are wars that protect our community and the galaxy, and they're also annoyed with the problem.
So they kill legs.
This is one of the six lions that killed in Natal.
I think this is so few in the National National park.
A child in my community, from six to nine years, is responsible from his father and this was the same thing I was going to me.
So I had to find a way to solve this problem.
My first idea was to use fire, because I thought that the lions gave them fear.
But I realized that it's actually not serious, because I even help the lions to see the start floor.
I didn't know.
A second idea was to use a school.
I was trying to pursue the lions to believe that it was near the state.
But the lions are very smart --  came up the first day, and they saw the spands, and they were like, but the second day, they came back and said, this thing doesn't move, it's always here.  So they went out and killed animals.
So one night was walking around the star with a teacher and that day the lions didn't come in.
I discovered that lions are afraid to the light that are moving.
So I had an idea.
And I got an interface with which I would try and get the lights.
And this is a little bit of a broken line.
I love everything.
As you can see, the solar panels charge the battery, and the battery sends electricity to the small individual box. I call it a transportation.
And the Indian box makes the light lights.
As you can see, the bombs give up the outside, because that's where the lions come from.
And this is how you see the lions when you come from night.
The lights dependent and put the lions to think that I'm walking on the way, but I'm going on in my bed.
Thank you.
So I put them in my house two years ago, and since then, we never come back to have problems with the lions.
And the houses of the neighborhood hate the idea.
One of them is about this grandmother.
She had killed a lot of animals and asked me if I could put the lights.
I said yes.
You can see the background, these are the lights for lions.
Since then, I've been inspired in seven houses in my community and they're becoming a lot.
And my idea is also used now by the whole Kenya, to justify other predators, as a story, leaders, and it's also used to be able to escape electronics of the farms.
Thank you to this inventor, I had the fortune to get a scholarship in one of the best schools of Kenya North, and I'm very excited.
My new school now is helping them represent funds and consciousness.
I even took my friends to my community and we installed lights in the homes that don't have them and I teach them how to put them.
So a year ago, it was just a child in the park of the wisdom passionate my father valies, and I used to see value planes and told me that some day would be inside one.
And here I am.
I got the opportunity to come in airplane for the first time to TED.
My great dream is going to be engineering engineering and pilot when it is.
I used to hate the lions -- but now as my invention is saving the cows of my dad and the lions, we can be with the lions without any conflict.
And the blood landscape. What in my tongue means very much.
Chris Anderson: You don't imagine how exciting it is to listen to a story like you.
So you get a challenge. Richard Turkey: Yes.
CA: You're working in other electrical investment.
What's the next in your list?
RS: My next invention is, I want to do a class -- CA: A class of a class?
TD: I know you already invented the electrical cards, but I want to do the mine.
CA: So you try to try once, right? And you. And you. I have tried before, but standing because I got a camera.  CA: On the foot. Richard Turkey, you're a big thing.
We're going to encourage you in every step that you have, friend.
Thank you very much. EDI: Thank you very much.
When I was small, I thought my country was the best of the planet.
And I grew up singing a song called "No even a name of any next new?
And I felt very proud.
In school, we spent all the time studying the story of Kim English, but we never learned a lot of the rest of the world, except that America, Robe is the enemy.
Although I was asked about the rest of the world, I thought I would spend all my life in North Korea.
When I was seven years old, I saw my first public exploration.
But I thought my life in North Korea.
My family was not poor, and I had never spent a man.
But one day, in 1991, my mom brought home a card of my sister.
That said, "When you read this, the five members of the family stop to be in this world, because we haven't eaten in the two weeks in the world.
We're rejected together in the floor, and our bodies are so weak, we're prepared to die.
I was very high.
It was the first time I heard that people were suffering in my country.
At the time when I walked up front of the train station, I saw something terrible I can't cut from my memory.
An unprecedented woman was dead in the street, holding a child in their arms looking at the face of his mother without able to do anything.
No one would help them, because they were very concerned about taking themselves and their families.
A huge manager to North Korea.
At the end, more than a million barrels died during the membrane, and only few of them survived the passenger, insects and robot.
They also made more and more frequent of energy, all of me was completely doubled in the night except of the sea of the sea in China, just crossing the river from my house.
I always asked me why they had light, and we don't.
This is a social picture of North Korea.
This is the American River, which sounds from Rome between North Korea.
As you can see, the river can be very upset in certain points, allowing robots to cross self-selves.
But many die.
Sometimes, I see bodies floating in the river.
I can't reveal the details of how North Korea.
But I just thought I would be separated from my family for short time.
I would never have imagined that I would take 14 years back to live together.
In China, it was difficult to live like a young woman without my family.
I had no idea how life was like Robarty representation.
But soon I learned that it's not just extremely difficult, but also dangerous because the normal refugees in China were considered illegal immunes.
And so I was living with a constant fear that my identity was recently, and it would be repeated to a horrible destiny destiny in North Korea.
One day, my worst phone was done really, when I was arrested by the Chinese police and introduced me in the police station.
Somebody had been accused by being Robart, then they had my skills in the Chinese language and asked me many questions.
I was terrified.
I thought my heart was going to explore.
If it didn't seem natural, it could be incarcerated and depressed.
I thought my life was going to end.
But I managed to control my emotions and tell the questions.
At the end of the international international say, "This was a fake report. She's not Rome."
And they left me to go. It was a miracle.
Some robots in China are looking at extraordinary embraces.
But many of them can be arrested by the Chinese and depression.
These women had a lot of luck.
Although they had captured them, they were eventually released after an international pressure.
These robots were not so lucky.
Every year, amazing corresponds are captured in China and depression to North Korea, where they are tortured or finally organized or excited in public.
Even though I was fortunate in scale, many other robots haven't had so lucky.
It's tragic that the robots have to hide their identities and fight so hard to survive.
Even after learning a new language and find work, all its world can be used in a moment.
That's why after 10 years of to hide my identity, I've decided to be able to be able to be able to be Carbonary from South South Earth.
And I started a new life again.
I'm going to be a much greater challenge of what I expected.
The English was very important in Korea.
Also, I understood that there was a great gap between North and Europe.
We are all corresponds, but we have become very different because of 75 years of division that we have.
Even provides an identity.
Am I surrounding or Robart?
Where am I? Who am I?
Suddenly there was no country that could call with a little bit of me.
Even though adaptable to life in Korea was not easy, I made a plan. I started to study for the emergency axis to college.
Just when I started to adapt my new life, I got a flamed call.
The North Korea. The North Korea.
They had to go out of immediately.
So I began to plan how to help you speech.
The robots have to travel long distances in the way to freedom.
It's almost impossible to cross the border between North Korea.
So ironically, I took a flight to China, and I was walking into the border with Korea.
Because my family couldn't speak China, I had to get them up, somehow over three miles through China, and then through the South Asia.
The journey in carbon took a week, and we were almost trapped several times.
Again, our bus was determined and killed by a Chinese police officer.
I asked the identify of everybody, and I started asking them questions.
As my family couldn't understand China, I thought my family was going to be reduced.
When the Chinese official came up to my family, I was originally asked my feet and told me that they were a remarkable people who were able to be approaching.
I looked smaller, but unfortunately I thought.
We did all the way to the face of Laton.
But I had to spend almost all my money to serve the border wars in Latings.
But even after the border, my family was arrested and incarcerated to cross the border of the front.
After paying mouse and broken, my family was released in a month.
But at time, my family was arrested and incarcerated again.
This was one of the most low dots in my life.
I did everything to liberate my family, and we were so close to my family, but my family was arrested in prison from the South Korea.
I went and came between the office office and the police station, desperately trying to liberate my family.
But I didn't have enough money to pay more beautiful or multiple.
I lost hope.
At that moment, or the voice of a man ask me, "What is the problem."
I was so surprised that an unknown way to ask you.
With my poor English and with a dictionary think, he explained the situation, and without how I was like, the man was the authority car, and I gave me the rest of the money for my family and to get them from prison.
I was grateful with all my heart, and I asked, "Why do I help me?
I'm not helping?
"I am helping the North people?
I realized that that was a symbolic moment in my life.
The threat controlled a new hope for me and for the normal village when we needed it.
And I showed me that the kindness of unknown, and the support of the international community are really the rays of hope.
With time, after our long journey, my family and I went back in Korea.
But you get your freedom is just half the boat.
A lot of robots are separated from their families and when they went to a new country, they start with little or any money.
So we can benefit from the international community with education, practical language practices of work, and more.
We can also act as bridge between people inside North Korea.
Because many of us continue in contact with families still inside, and we make information and money that is helping change North Korea.
I've been very fortunate -- I've got a lot of help and inspiration in my life, so I want to help us to help breakthroughs a chance of transparency with international support.
I'm sure you're going to see more and more correctly working around the world, including at TED.
Thank you.
I lived in Central Sun.
This is Central Sun, shops of light, fast food, baseball.
And then the citizens of the city came up and thought, we're going to change the name of Central Sea to represent something else, so they changed the South Angeles, as if this is actually wrong what is actually wrong in the city.
This is the South Angeles,  Testics of light, fast food.
Like 25 million other Americans, I lived in a food designer, Los Angeles, home of food places to take and eat in the car.
The curious thing is that the food places to get more people than food in the car.
People are dying from curious diseases.
For example, the rate of obesity in my neighborhood is five times larger than we say, "Free Hills, which is like 15 miles distributed.
I realize that this happens.
And I wonder, how do you feel if they didn't have access to healthy food, and if every time you go out of house you see the data that the current food system has in your vaccine?
I see chairs of wheels companies and sold as cars used.
I see hundreds of public drawings like Starbans.
And I consider that this should stop.
I consider the problem is the solution.
The food is the problem, and it's the solution.
I need to be able to handle 45 minutes of life and fly to buy a apple that doesn't have perspectives.
What I did was to plan a food forest in front of my house.
In a factory farm we call a performance.
It's 45 feet three feet.
The point is, that belongs to the city.
But you have to keep it.
I said, "Well, I can do what I came up in galaxy, because it's my responsibility and I have to keep it.
That's how I decided to keep it.
So my group and I, E. Roger Greens, we put them and we started planning our food forest of food, flexible trees, you know, the new complex vegetables.
What we do is, we are a kind of pathology programmed by advantage of all of the processes, all of the city and completely vulnerable and everything we do is free.
And the garden, I was beautiful.
Then someone goes up.
The city came up with me and actually gave me a blind saying that I had to rescue my garden, the car was made a graduate order.
And I said, "Let's go, right?
A Jewish order to plant food in a piece of land that nobody matter?  So I was like, "Well, you know?
Because this time was not going to happen.
L. Times had the story written by Steve Loston, and I talked to the kitchen, and one of the members of Britain, who had a petition in Charles, with 900 silents, we were a success.
We had the victory in our hands.
My client even calls to say that they represent and killed what we were doing.
I mean, we go, why not?
L.A. is the U.S. city with more barrel brains.
It has 35 miles of brands back.
That is equivalent to 20 Central Parkins.
That is enough enough to plant 72 billion plants.
Why don't you look at this?
It will grow a plant to give a few thousand seeds.
When a dollar dollar will give you 75 dollars.
It's my minute, when I tell people -- you grow your own food.
You grow your own food is like print your own money.
You see, I have a legacy for Central Sun.
I grew up there. I grew up my children there.
I'm going to be part of this manufacturing reality that was manifestation for me, and I'm going to maximize my own reality.
You see, I'm an artist.
The genome is my graduate, I cure my art.
As an artist artists, that existed walls, my sea emergence, genes.
I use the garden, the land, as a piece of line, and the plants and the trees, are my expert of that line.
They were surprised to see what Earth can do -- if you let be your line.
You can just imagine how amazing it is a biological and how it affects people.
What happened?
I'm a text of how my garden became an educational tool tool, of transformation of my neighborhood.
To change the community, you have to change the composition of Earth.
We're the Earth.
They were surprised to see how it affects girls.
The genome is the most terrorism and profit act that you can do, especially in a tree.
Also, you get freedoms.
I remember a occasion, which came up a mother and his daughter, they were like the 1980s, and they were in my garage, and they were looking at it very much.
I, well, man, I felt wrong that they were there, and I said, you know, you don't have to do this like this.
This is in the street for a reason.
I felt shame at looking at people who were so close to me with man, and this only reflects why I do this, people ask me, "You don't need people to steal your food.
What I say, "Oh God no, I don't have fear that they are going to be right?
So that's in the street.
That's what it's about.
I want you to take it, but at your time, I want you to take your health.
There was another case that I put a garden in a refugee for the Los Angeles.
They were these guys, which helped me download the way.
It was fantastic, they shared me their stories about how this was affected and how they used to plant with his mom and his grandmother, and it was fabulous to see how this changed them, so just for a moment.
So Bruce Grandsor has come to plant maybe 20 degrees.
We've had, as a 50 people who come from, work and participate, all in the virtual plan.
If kids grow color, kids eat color.
If you grow tools, you eat teachers.  But if nothing of this will be taught you, if you don't teach them how food affect the mind and the body, you eat blind blind in front of you.
I see young people who want to work, but they have this thing in which they're trapped -- I see kids that are in this way designed for them, which doesn't take them nowhere.
With the graduate, I see an opportunity in which we can train these kids that are coming out of their communities to have a sustainable life.
And when we do this, who knows?
Maybe you produce the next George Kangeline.
But if we don't change the composition of land, we never do it.
Now this is one of my lungs, this is something I want to do.
I want to plant a whole bunch of genomes, where people can share food in the same box.
I want to take colors and turn them into healthy care.
I didn't tell me.
I'm not talking about funny things, because it's not sustainable.
What's curious about sustainability, is that you have to show you.
What I talk about is to put people working to the people, go to the kids of the street, which you know the joy and the honest and the honor to grow their own food of farmers.
What I want to do here, we have to do it sex.
I want you all to become electronics and leaders, generation genes.
We need to change the guide of what's a land.
If you're not a baby, you're not a leader.
What does you take their rape of reaction?
And that is their energy art.
In course, if you want to get up with me, well, if you want to see it, you don't call me if you want to sit in children and have meetings to talk to you to do some measure.
If you want to see, you go back to the garden with your tail so that we can plan something.
DP: Thank you.
Thank you.
(Children of male.  (Back of the microscope --  probably all of you will agree with me that this is a very nice career.
It's made of access, and the algorithm is a good material to develop, but not always, not in days like today, which is a lot.
You can have a great amount of water in the alphabet.
And especially if you go back in your bike and these cars go on, that's not very nice.
Also, the algorithm can do a lot of noise.
It's a noise material, and if we build roads, like in the Netherlands, very close to cities, we want a similar career.
The solution for that is to make career careers.
The portable thing, a material that we use now in most of the roads of the Netherlands, has ports and water can go through it, so all of the rain water is going to be easy to do through the side, and they don't get a water to be easy, and they don't save water never more.
The noise also disappears in these parts.
Because it's very habitat, all the noise will disappear -- so it's a very simple career.
It also has developed, of course, and the advantage of this career is that you can be developed.
What is you going to go? You see that in this career. You see that in this career.
First of a page, then several more and more and more and more, and then you don't do that.  But you can do that.  But you can be happy with that.
And finally, this can also take more and more damage.
Sometimes you can create balls with that.
There is ready.
Back, of course, you can become a problem, but we have a solution.
And here you can actually see how the damage comes on this material.
It's a powerful thing, as I said, so it only has a little amount of attention between the pieces.
Because of the experiment, to the sea light, to education, this artist, this bread, the glue between the rivers will be focused, and if you find it, you will be makes microbes and will be separated from the advertising.
So if you drive on the road, you get the advertises, like we saw it here.
To solve this problem, we think about activity materials.
If we can make this material, then we probably have a solution.
So what we can do is use the steel line, from that to clean strong streets, and we can cut the steel line in very small parts, and we can mix those little bits with the boat.
So we have a little bit of a little bit of little bits of steel in it.
And then you need a machine, like what you see here, that you use to cook a machine machine.
The infection can care, especially the steel, is very good.
So what you have to do is heat the steel, determine the mouse, the mouse will flow for these microbes, and the stones will be left back to the surface.
Today I use a microbes of microbes, because I can't bring the great information machine in the stage.
The motor engine is a similar system.
I put the sample -- I'm going to go back to see what happened.
This is the sample that happens now.
I said we have this kind of industrial machine in the lab to heat the samples.
We tried a lot of samples there, and then the government, they actually saw our results, and they thought, "Well, that's really interesting. We need to try it.
So they gave us a piece of career, 400 meters from the 251 carbon, in which we had to make a trial car to test this material.
So that was what we did there. You see where we were doing the test test, and then of course, this race would spend several years without any day. That's what we know about practice.
We take a lot of samples of this race and we test them in the lab.
We made the samples and we put a lot of charge in them, we have a lot of our information machine, and we repair them and we went back to it.
We can repeat this many times.
Well, to conclude, I can tell you that we have done a material using the challenges of steel, including these fibers -- using the energy energy to actually increase the life of the surface of the face, even you can make a lot of money with very simple tricks.
And now of course, they have curiosity of if this was also working.
We still have the show here. It's pretty hot.
Actually, you have to face the first before you can show you how the reputation is.
But I'm going to make a try.
Let's see. Yeah, worked.
Thank you.
When I was 11 years old, I remember having a way with the sound of the bird in my house.
My father was listening to Big Newton in his little gray radio.
I had a great smile in his face that was unusual in those times, because the news generally dependent it.
"The Taliban was freedom, I graduated my father.
I didn't know what it means, but I could see that my father was very, very happy.
Now you can go to a real school school."
One morning, I will never forget it.
A real school.
You see, I was six years old, when the Taliban was asked from Afghanistan and made illegal that girls were to school.
For the next five years, I felt like a child to hide my older brother, who couldn't be used to go to a secret school.
It was the only way that we were able to explore.
Every day, we took a different route so that nobody could hide where we were.
We had to hide the books in bottle of the market so that it seems like we were compared.
The school was in a house, over 100 percent of us represented in a small room.
It was nice in the winter -- but extremely carbon in summer.
We all knew that we were developing our lives -- the teacher, students and our parents.
In fact, the school was closed by a week, because the Taliban.
We always wondered what they knew about us.
Were they finding?
Did you know where we live?
We were a subjective, but yet the school was where we wanted to be.
I was very fortunate to grow in a family where education was appropriate and daughters a test.
My grandfather was an extraordinary man for his time.
A total resources of a remote production of Afghanistan. I insisted that his daughter, my mother, went to school, and so his father was asked it.
But my educated mother became story.
This is her.
It's going to be two years ago, just to turn our house in school for girls and women of our neighborhood.
And my father, this is, was the first of all his family to receive education.
There was no doubt that their children had to receive education, even their daughters despite the banks, despite the risks.
For him, there was a bigger risk in not to educate their children.
Over the years, I remember that there were moments that I was very frustrated for our life and was always scared.
I wanted to get up, but my father said, "Me, child me, you can lose everything you have in life.
You can steal your money. You can turn your house for a war.
But there's one thing that will always be to you, what's here and if we have to sell our blood to pay your education, we'll do it.
So you don't want to contain?
Today I have 22 years old.
I grew up in a country that has been destroyed by decades of war.
Less than six percent of my age, they have more than the galaxy, and if my family hadn't been so committed with my education, I would be one of them.
Instead, I find this proud of graduate in Mobility College.
When I went back to Afghanistan, my grandmother, which was completed from his home for the courage of educate their daughters was one of the first to depression.
He didn't only pay my college cell, but also that I was the first woman, and I am the first woman, which led it by the streets of Kebreathe.
My family thinks about me.
I dream in big, but my family has even bigger dreams for me.
That's why I'm the global and the global campaign of 1989, a global campaign to educate women.
That's why Cell California, the first and perhaps the only private school for girls in Afghanistan, a country where it's still risks for girls going to school.
What's exciting is that I see students in my school with the strong desire of applying the opportunity.
And I see their parents and their families who, like my God, and you have to play for them, despite and still in front of a device option.
Like America. It's not his real name, and I can't show you your face, but American is the father of one of my students.
Less than a month, he and his daughter came out of the way from SEDI to his village, and literally they were used to be killed by a bomb.
When you get home, they are the phone, a voice I added that if I kept sending his daughter to school, they would try to try.
Let me know, if you will, he said, "But I'm not going to give the future of my daughter for their old and recently destroying ideas."
What I've given me from Afghanistan, and it's something that is incredibly forgotten in the West is that behind most of the most who we growing the value of their daughter, and you see that the success of her own success.
It doesn't want to say our mothers haven't been key in our success.
In fact, they often are the first compelling interest of their daughters, but in the context of a society like Afghanistan, we need the support of men.
Under the banks, the girls who were to school are told in hundreds, remember, it was illegal.
But today, over three million girls go to school in Afghanistan.
Afghanistan looks so different from here in America.
I find Americans see the fragility of change.
I fear these changes don't get a lot after the U.S. troops of America.
But when I went back to Afghanistan, when I look at the students in my school and their parents who played for them, that the animal, I see a professional future and a death change.
For me, Afghanistan is a country of hope and engagement possibilities, and every day the girls of SEDI will tell me.
Like me, they are in large.
Thank you.
I've never forgotten the words of my grandmother who died in the experimentally, "House, resist to Galaxy. fight against it.
But you never get a revolution of the Galaxy state.
They have spent almost two years since that is that the freedom revolution was inspired by the voices of mass movements as much of the Tunisian revolution as an Egyptian revolution.
A forces with many other books, inside and outside of the country to call a day of war and to start a revolution against the Earth's the Earth's the National regime of Galada.
And we succeeded. It was a great revolution.
Women and men and men were in the graduate, having the side of the regime, providing profits of freedom, dignity and social justice.
They have shown an example of exploration to control the director of Galaxy.
You've shown a great sense of sunlight from the Middle East, to the West to the Earth.
Finally, after a six months of the body war and a few feet of about 50 died, we were able to release our country and fix the single.
However, Galaxy left a load letter, a reaction of serious, corruption and search sea.
For four decades, the National regime of Galaxy destroyed the infrastructure and culture and moral structure of civil society.
It's aware of deforestation, and the challenges of the challenges -- I've been like, alongside a lot of other women, rebuild civil civil society -- having an inclusive transition and right to democracy and national recognition.
They were about 200 organizations in Bennelles, and immediately after the fall of Galaxy, about 300 in Trand.
After a 33 years of exploration, I went back to Libya and with a unique exception, I began to organize the faces of skills, and leadership.
With an amazing group of women we founded the platform of women Libert Loogle Propels, a movement of women, leaders, very diverse architecture, to be able to get the political authority of the woman and the peace.
I found me with a very difficult environment in the public period -- an environment that was increasingly pollinated, which is moved from political political policies and exciting.
With time, our initiative was approved and successful.
Women won about 14 percent of the National Congress.
However, a little bit about the electricity of elections and revolution as an everything, were developing -- every day we found news news.
And one day we showed us with the news of an ancient mixture of ancient mosques and sure substances.
Another day I started with the news of the American and the attack to the contract.
Another day we wake up with the news of the risk of the arms of the arms.
And every day, every day we wake up with the government government and their victims of the human rights rights and their response of law.
Our society, formed by a revolution of revolution, is polled more, and it has come out of the ideals and principles of freedom, dignity, social justice, that we had the beginning.
The intelligence, excitement and shame became the icons of the consequences of the revolution.
I'm not here today to inspire them with our story of the surface of the crime list and the choice.
Rather, I'm here today to trust that we, as a nation, we choose the wrong decision.
We don't prioritize good.
Because the choices didn't translate peace and stability and security.
The Christian list and the alternative between cancer and career brought peace and national recognition?
No, they didn't do it.
What happened?
Why is our society still polled and dominated with selfish political policies and excited, so many men like for women.
Maybe what it was not only women, but the female values of compassion, mission and influence.
Our society needs national dialogue and the creation of understanding more than the elections, that they only rebuild the production and division of division.
Our nation needs the clinical representation of the food more than need to need nuclear and quantum representation.
We need to stop to act as an engineering engineer, and you need to call days to go.
We need to start to act as agents of compassion and mission.
We need to develop a female speech, which is not only honest, but also put in practical practice instead of the window, the collaboration instead of the competition instead of exploration.
These are the ideals that a Libya, destroyed by the war, needs described with the end of getting peace peace.
Because peace has an analogy that is about interaction and alternative between female perspectives and males.
That's the real creature.
We need to look at that in an existential way before doing it in social shape.
Suddenly with a relative of the Core Stan -- peace -- it's the word of the microbes God, get a compassion."
At the time, the word "The word "She is known in all the traditional traditions -- has the same root in Arabic, that the word "The word "The word "the word "the word and the material that opens all the humanity that men and women, that all of the tribes and all people have love.
And so, as the end covered completely the exam, which grows inside the environmental matrix of compassion curve all the existence.
So you say, "My mission would open all the things.
So you say, "My missionate mission on my grandmother."
That all of you are going to be about the mission.
Thank you.
I'm here today to talk about an amazing question that has an incredibly incredible response.
It's about the secrets of domestic violence, and the question I'm going to do is what you all do is, why is it still?
Why was anybody going to stay with a man who happened to her?
I'm not a psychologist, no social worker, no experience in domestic violence.
I'm just a woman with a story to tell you.
I was 22 years old.
I had moved to New York for my first work as a writer and editor in the magazine.
I had my first approach, my first green Arthord Arther Speak, and I had a very big secret.
My secret was that many, many times, the man that I created my twin soul -- I was asked to the head with a photograph, carrying with baseball batherials.
The man, when I loved more than nobody in this world, I put a picture in my head and threatened to kill me more times than I can remember.
I'm here to tell you the story of the little love, a psychological campaign, where they fall every year millions of women, and even some men.
It could be their story.
I don't look like a surveillance of domestic violence.
I'm released in English University and I have a million in Marila Bush Single Single Single Single Single Single Single Single Millen.
I've spent most of my career working for companies of the list of the list of the list of the list of the list of the list of the list of the John Belley and Johnson, Lee Burnance and The Washington Polite.
I took almost 20 years ago with my second husband and we have three children.
My dog is a black word, and I had a million Shelter Hangary.
So my first message for you is that the domestic violence can happen to anyone, all of the race, all religious levels and education.
It's everywhere.
And my second message is that everyone thinks that domestic violence happens to women, which is a problem of women.
Not exactly.
More than 95 percent of the malaria are men, and the domestic abuse only happens in different relationships, independent and long directions, or he said to another way, in the families, the last place where we want or expect to find violence, and the democracy is so distributed.
I would have told you that it would be the last person in the world who would stay with a man who was like, and in fact, I was a very typical victim because of my age.
I was 22 years old, and in the U.S. women and 24 years old, they have three times more likely to be victims of domestic violence than the other ages, and over 500 women and girls of that age are killed every year by couples and novel and beautiful headles in the United States.
I was also a typical victim because I didn't know anything about domestic violence or their pathologists or their patterns.
I met Congress in a cold and rain night.
I was sitting to my side in New York City and started to fail.
He told me two things.
The first one was that he was also coming from a University of the Village Levelo and I worked in a very important bank of Wall Street.
But what I was more impressed in that first encounter was that it was ready and fun, and that seemed a girl of the field.
I had a big military male as a member, and a cold curve test, and it seemed so sweet.
One of the most smart things that I did Congo, from the beginning, was to create the illusion that I was the dominant component of the mate.
I did it about all of the beginning in a pieces.
We started coming out and I loved all of me, which was ready -- that I was ready -- that I had gone to Harvard, who would put passion to help young girls and my job.
I wanted to know everything about my family, my childhood, my dreams and illustrations.
Congress believed in me, as a writer and as a woman, as nobody had done it.
And it was why the license in that school school and the job in Wall Street, and his brilliant future had so much important for it.
I didn't know that the first phase in any democracy of domestic violence is to be selected and to make the victim to the victim of the video.
And I didn't know that the second step is to isolate it.
Now, the last thing I wanted to do was to go from New York and leave the job of my dreams, but I thought they had to do distributions for your partner -- so I accepted my job and Congress and I went together from Manhattan.
I had no idea that I was going on in a little love, which was coming out of head in a physical field, financial and psychological photographers.
The next step in the pattern of domestic violence is to introduce the threat of violence to see how this reaction is.
And here is where they go in scene those pictures.
In the way we moved to New England you know, that site where you knew that Congress had to feel so safe to buy three pictures.
One was in the car of the car.
Another one was going underneath the pillow in our bed, and the third always in his pocket.
And he said that I needed those pictures to cause the trauma that lived of small.
I needed to feel secure.
But those pictures actually were a message for me, and even though I had never finished my hand, my life was already in a dangerous serious -- every minute of every day.
The first physical attack of Congress happened five days before our mouth.
They were the seven o'clock of the morning, and I still had the base.
Five days later, when the 10 motors of my body had been developed, I was asked my mother cold and I married with him.
Even though I had happened, I was sure that we live happily for always, because I loved him and he was also a lot.
And I was very, very representative.
It was just feeling very going through the mouth and the fact to form a family with me.
I had been an isolated accident and never more to make me.
I spent two times more in our sea moon.
And the first time I was driving up to a secret beach and lost me, and he gave me so strong in the head that I stole several times against the blood side of the car.
And then a couple of days later, driving out of our sea moon, he played by the traffic and I took me a Big Mad in the face.
Contract followed one or two times a week for the next two years and the middle of our marriage.
I was wrong.
One of three American women is victims of domestic violence or extension in some time of their life, and the Center Center Center that every year 15 billion children are market, 15 million.
So actually, I had very good company.
Going back to my question: Why do you know?
The answer is simple.
I didn't know that he was working about me.
At the contrary, I was a very strong woman in a very strong woman, and it was the only person in the world that I could help Congress to face their hands.
The other question that everybody does is, why don't you be a breakthrough?
Why I didn't know, I could have gone in any moment.
So for me, this is the most sad question and pain that makes people, because we, the victims we know something that you normally ignore -- it's incredibly dangerous.
Because the last phase in the domestic violence pattern is to kill it.
Over 70 percent of the asteroids in the cases of domestic violence are happening after the victim has put the end of the relationship, after they were make, because then the abuse has already nothing to lose.
Other researchers includes the permanent entire, even after the abuse has been going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to get rid of financial resources and their children who are usually forced by the judges to spend time not sure with the man who played their mother.
And yet we continue to question why isn't it?
I was able to go, because of a last piece of paracy that I saw my neurons.
I realized that the man who loved so much, I would be killed if you had allowed it.
So I broke the silence.
I told it all around the world, to my neighbor, to my friends and families, and I'm here today because everyone would help me.
We have the tendency to matter the victims as a high self-study, reduced women, good goods.
The question, "Why is it standing?
For some people is a way to say "The quad is the surface of saying, "Well, as if we are victims we are going to be able to get ourselves in a lot of men who want to build.
But since I published "The love "the love, I've heard a hundred men of men and women who were also spanneling, that they also learned an unexpected lesson of what happened to them and they did their lives and happy lives of violence, like the mine.
Because it turns out that I really am a victim and a very typical democracy of violence.
I was going to marry it with a real man and family and we have those three children.
I have that black word, and also that minister.
What I'm not going to be going to have ever more, you know, it's an algorithm particularly pointing to my head in hands of someone who says that I want.
At this moment, you are thinking, "Hey, that's fascinating? Or "Hey, what was it about -- but all this time I've actually been talking about you.
I assure you that there are a few people, which are the ones that are listening right now, which are being male or that they were a little bit of small or they are absolutely absolutely absolutely about it.
The male could be affecting their daughter, to his brother, to his best friend right now.
I was able to put the end of my own particular love part of the silence.
And I am doing this today.
It's my way to help other victims, and it's my last petition to you.
Talk about what you've heard here.
The abuse was just in the silence.
They have the power of the way with the domestic violence just to break light about it.
The victims need all the world.
We need each of you to understand the secrets of domestic violence.
They take the male to the light talking about it with their children, their job commons, their friends and family.
They require their vision of survivors as fantastic and filmmental people who have a full future.
They recognize the signs of violence to intervene considered, to bring their school and show the victims a safe sale.
Together we can turn our bed, our fears and our families in the safe and peaceful waves that should be.
Thank you.
Hi. I call me Rambrate Russia, and since a time, I'm model.
To be precises, since 10 years ago.
And I feel that at this moment, there is an uncomfortable tension in the room because I shouldn't have seen this --  --  -- I have brought clothes to change it.
This is the first shift change in a TED stage -- so you have a lot of fortune to get care of it, I think.
If some of the women were killed when they left, they don't have to apologize it right now, but I'll find it later in Twitter.
I also want to signal that I have the privilege of power to change what you think about me in just 10 seconds.
Not everybody has that opportunity.
These guys are very uncomfortable -- less bad than I don't have to use them.
The worst part is to take this tower on the head, because it's when you go back to me, so you don't do anything while I cover my head.
All right.
Why have I done this?
It's been excited.
Well, I hope not as much like this picture.
The appearance is powerful, but as well.
I've changed totally what they thought about me in six seconds.
And in this photo, I had never had a girlfriend in real life.
I was totally uncomfortable and the photographer told me that he was going to be able to be able to drag the screen and the charge of the child.
Of course, except with surgery or an artificial baby as I did two days for work, there is very little that we could do to transform our aspect -- which, and incredibly intelligent, has a great impact in our lives.
So today, to me, will be brave to be honest.
I'm in this stage because I'm a model.
Because I'm a nice, white woman, and in my workforce, that is being a sex.
I'm going to answer the questions that people are always doing me, but differently.
The first question is, how are it going to be model?
And I always say, a career discovered me, but that doesn't mean anything.
The real reason I made me model is because they won the genetic election, and I'm the benefit of a tool, and maybe you're wondering what this heritage is.
Well, in the last centuries, we have not only defined beauty as health and survived and symmetry and the ones we are biologically programmed to addition, we also have been associated to a high screen and a white skin.
And that is my tool, history that I've been able to be able to be able to make money.
And I know there are people in the audience that are now scale -- and perhaps there are some pictures of the way they say, wait. There are Nami, Treat, John Sands, Link Kenya.
First of all, the happiness of knowing as much of models. It's amazing.
But I really have to tell you that in 2007, a Ph.D. student student in New York, I told all and every one of the models in the status, and the 77 models considered, only 24, is not white.
The next question that people always do is, could it be model when it is more?
And my first answer is, I don't know, I don't know.
But later, what I really would tell each of these girls is, why? You can be what you want.
You can be President from the United States, or the invention of the next Internet, or a contract care and poetry creature, which would be impression.
If after this particular list, they still inspired, "No, no, no, Named, I want to be model, then I say, "I know my grade.
Because I'm not in charge of nothing, and you could be the head of reference of the American Volum magazine or the existence of HIV, or next Sent Sentence.
I mean, most of you want to be model is like saying you want to win.
It's outside of your control, it's amazing, and it's not a job that you can choice.
I'm going to show you all that I learned in 10 years as a model, because unlike the heart surgery, it can summarize right now.
I don't know what happened there.
Sadly, once you have seen your studies, and you have a curve and a few jobs to your speeds, no matter what you say you want to be president of the United States, but your curve said, model of the interior more for 10 years, people will look weird.
The next question that people are always doing is if all the pictures are represent.
And yes, you basically represent all the pictures, but that's just a little part of what happens.
This was the first picture that took me, and also the first time I used a biologically, and I didn't even have my feet.
I know we're entering the personal ground, but it was a child.
So I fought my grandmother a few months before.
These two pictures are the same day.
My friend came with me.
So here I am in a list of a few days before the pictures for the French grave.
So here I am with my football team, and in the magazine.
And this is me in the activity.
And I hope you realize that I'm not me in those photos.
They are creation of a group of professionals, films, male, photographers and statistics, and all their help and people and production, and they get to create this. That's not me.
Well, the next question that people always do is, do you get things free?
I have too many types of the 20 inches and that I never use, except the bottom, but the privilege that I get is the ones that I get in real life, and that we don't like to talk about.
I grew up in California, and once I went to a store, and I forgot me to take money, and they gave me the foie sea.
When I was a teenager, I traveled with my friend who was a professional person, he was a perfect second second, and of course, we were standing up, and I was a sense of a sense, an agent to get described.
I enjoyed these privilege for my aspect -- not for what I am. And there are people who are paying a price for your aspect without matter who they are.
I lived in New York, and last year, of the 120,000 teenager to the ones that were standing and represent, eight percent were black and landscape, and most of them were young men.
And there are only 177,000 young black and landscapes in New York, so for them, it's not a question of me?
But about how many times are you going to be looking like?
By researching for this talk, I found that 15 percent of the girls of 12 years in the United States, you don't like their body, and that box goes down to 72 percent to 17.
So the last question that people do is, how is the life of a model of model?
And I think the answer that you hope is, if you're a little bit more department, and you have the most brilliant weight, you feel very happy and support.
And behind the cameras, we give a answer that maybe it looks like.
We say, it's really wonderful to travel, and also incredible power to work with creative people, innocent and approached.
And all of that is true, but it's just a part of what happens, because what we never say from the cameras, what I've never said about them, is I'm insect.
And I'm because I have to worry about my aspect every day.
And if you ever ask you -- with some more detailed legs and the most brilliant horse, will be more happy?
They only have to get up with a group of models because they have the most detailed legs and the most bright back to the way, but it's probably the most inspiring women on the planet.
But about everything was difficult to analyze a race of racial observation and gender when I am one of the biggest benefits.
If there's something that comes back from this talk, I hope you all feel more comfortable to recognize the power of the image in the perception that we have about success and failure.
Thank you.
The photograph has been my passion since it was enough enough to overcome a camera, but I want to share with you my 15 more precise photographs and I didn't be my street.
There was no artists, no statistics, no opportunity to repeat the pictures, or even a massive camera in the illusion.
In fact, most of them took them tower to sugar.
My story starts when I found in New York City to give a perspective, my wife gave me this picture holding my daughter in the day of his first birthday -- that's the corner of 55 and five.
He gave the quality that we went back to New York, just a year later, so we decided to take the same picture.
Well, you can imagine what comes now.
When the third birthday of my daughter, my wife told me, why don't you take you to Sanda to New York in a dark trip and control the rich?
This is when we started to ask the structures that they were going to get the picture.
It's surprising that the gesture to deliver the camera to an unknown contract is so universal.
Never no one has been presented, and unfortunately no one has gone with the camera.
So we weren't aware of how much of us change this journey.
It became something sacred for us.
This picture is a few weeks after 9/11, and I had to explain my daughter what had happened that day so that a five-year-old girl could understand it.
These pictures are much more than representation and a specific journey.
They are also a way to stop time in a week of October and to make them reflect about our time and our evolution over the years, and not only the physical level, but in all of the senses.
Because, even though we always take the same photo, our perspective changes, my daughter takes new hypothesis, and I can see life through their eyes and how to perceive and interact with everything.
That time in concrete that we spend together is something that we hope with illusion every year.
In fact, in one of the trips -- we were walking up, when suddenly it was standing in dry and signal a red role of the story of magnetic senses that I had a little bit in the previous views.
And I was described what had felt like five years of foot in that same place.
I began that I received his heart to be able to be able to see that place for the first time nine years ago.
And now what you look at New York are universal. Because it's decided to study in New York.
And suddenly I understood that one of the most important things we create are the memories of them.
So I want to share the idea of participating in the conscious creation of memories.
I don't know you, but besides these 15 pictures, I don't know in many of the family pictures.
I'm always the picture of the picture.
Today I want to encourage you all to appear in the photo, and you don't want to go back to someone and ask you to ask you a picture?
Thank you.
I want to talk about a very special group of animals.
There are 10,000 species in the world.
The blocks find in the most advanced bird group.
First of all, why do you have so bad presentation?
It also has been associated with Disney laughter selections like mental characters -- dumb, stuff.
More recently, if you've been following the Kenyan line press, you use them and accelerations these are the attributes that associate with the Kenyan Park -- but I don't accept it.
I don't accept it. You know why?
Because the members of the parliament don't keep the environment of the environment --  -- the participants don't help prevent the production of diseases.
It's definitely moving.   You are far from excited --  -- and my favorites have better presentation.   There are two types of flowers in this planet.
There are the slums of the New World who find mainly in America, like the colors and the careers, and the books of the World world, where we have 16 species of extremism.
So why is the baby important? In the first place, they provide violent ecological services, Lincoln.
These are our natural garbage religions.
They clean the walls to the bone.
They help kill all the bacteria. They help absorb the narrative that will not be for them to spread and cause large losses and diseases in other animals.
The recent studies have shown that in areas where there are no books, the walls take from three to four times more time in described, and this has huge reactions in the production of diseases.
The bloods also have huge historical importance.
They've been associated to ancient Egyptian culture.
New was the symbol of the protest and the metaphor, and then with the coal, simulated the unit between the Atlantic and the Egypt.
In the Hindu microbial, Japan was the box little little life, and he risked his life to save the State Sia disease.
In the urban culture, they make a lot of important entrepreneurs in the open sky -- in places like Trace, there's no place to train the deaths, or wood to create them, so these bubbles provide a natural evolution system.
What's the problem with the books?
We have eight species of books in Kenya, which six are in extreme threat threat.
The reason is that they're being angry, and the reason that they're being connected is because there are conflicts between humans and family. The particular communities use this venom against predators, and as a consequence of the baby are victims of this.
In the south of Asia, in countries like India and Pakistan, four species of books are in the critical list of extinction diagnosis, which means that in less than 10 or 15 years to be arrested, and the reason is because they fall from the contract consumption that has been treated with an Olympic drug like Dick.
This drug has been banned for service in India and have taken a post.
Since there is no books, there has been an organization in the number of stem dogs in strangers and when you have the care dogs -- you have a huge time of time for war. The number of radio cases has increased enormously in India.
Kenya is going to have one of the biggest clinical parks in Africa, 35 anti-contractions are going to be the train of the Turkey.
I'm not against the electronic energy, but we have to work with governments, because the legal surfaces do this to birds -- they cut them for half a half.
They are training trains.
In Western Africa, there's a horrible trade of dead books to serve the bubble and the factory market.
So what are you doing? Well, we're researching to these birds -- we're putting them transparency.
We're trying to determine their basic ecology, and see where they go.
We can see that they travel for different countries, so you can focus on a problem that's not going to serve anything.
We need to work with governments in the regional level.
We're working with local communities.
We're talking with them about learning the flowers, about the need to appreciate these wonderful creatures and the services that they are.
How can you help them? It can be active to do noise -- you can write a letter to your government and tell you we have to focus out in these very constant creatures -- to give your time to divide the word.
When you go out of this room, you will report you about the books, but they talk to your families, with your children, with their neighbors on the books.
They are very elegant. Charles Darwin said that it changed of opinion because I saw them flying without effort, no energy gas in the heavens.
Kenya, this world, will be much more poor without these wonderful species.
Thank you very much.
Each thing I do and everything I do problems. My life has been moving for seven years of work for my youth in Africa.
Since 1987, to 1977. Live Google, but I'm not --  I was working in Bombrata, Kenya, Country and Martinalian. In terms of technical cooperation with African countries.
I worked for an Italian KNA, and every project that we showed in French Africa.
And I was sure.
I thought, at the age of 24, that the oceans were good people and we were doing a good job in Africa.
Instead of that, everything we do we have we we have the universal thing.
Our first project, which inspired my first book, "Well "The Beam of Bergy, was a project where a few organisms we decided to teach people from Momental to grow food.
So we come up with Italian seeds to the south of Momental to this absolutely wonderful journey that defines the Robert River, and we teach the local tools and words and words and workers.
Of course, people were not really interested in doing that, so we were able to come to work, and some times, they don't know.  We were amazed that the local legs, in so fragile -- they didn't have agriculture.
However, instead of asking you how it was possible that no longer crazy, we just said, "Thank you to God we are here --  "The time to save people from the Manual man."
And of course, everything in Africa is beautiful.
We got these magnificent teachers. In Italy, a sample grows this size. In Bambia, to this size.
And we couldn't believe it, we were telling the slights, "Look what easy is the gradual?
When the tools were both both, mammals and red, in night to the morning, about 200 websites came out from the river and ate everything.  And we said to the workers, "God, we have the slides?
And the windows said, "Yeah, that's why we don't have agriculture.  "Why didn't you say, "You never ask you?"
I thought that only us the oceans we eat mistakes in Africa, but then I saw what the American did, what the Internet did, what the French did, and then you see what they were doing, I felt pretty proud of our project in Beam.
Because, as you see, at least we feed the headlines.
You should see the waste.  You should see the waste that we showed them to the people of Africa.
You want to read a book, he read "Losing Maladum Moss, economic economy.
The book was published in 2008.
We, countries contract, we've trained the African continent two million dollars in the last 50 years.
I won't tell you about the damage that money has changed.
They just read your book.
It's a part of a African woman, the damage we've done.
The Western are important, consumer missions, and we treat people only two ways, or the patterns, or we are pattern.
The two words come from the land late part of the paradigm that means parents?
However, they mean two different things.
Pathology, I try any of a different culture as if you were my kids -- "I want to do a lot.
Backberowner, I try to all of a different culture as if they were my serious.
So the white in Africa are called "Story?
That book gave me a bottle on the face -- "The small is beautiful, I wrote by School, who said for about all economic development, if people don't want to be help, straight them.
This should be the first principle of aid.
The first principle of aid is to breathe.
This morning, the lady who opened this conference put a button on the ground and said, we can imagine a city that is not neural is not being?
I decided the 27 years old, just responding to people, and I invented a system called Facebook Common which you have never finished anything, but it becomes a sense of the local passion of the local passion who have the dream of becoming a better person.
So what do you do? It's street.
You come to a community with an idea, and it feels with the people of the place.
We don't work from the office.
We got back in a coffee. We got a baby.
We have zero infrastructure.
And what do we do? We become friends, and we find out what the person wants to do.
The most important thing is the passion.
You can give you an idea to somebody.
If that person doesn't want to do that, what will you do you?"
The passion that she has for their own growth is the most important.
The passion that man has for their own personal growth is the most important.
And then we help them find knowledge because nobody in the world can be successful alone.
The person with the idea can not have the knowledge, but knowledge is available.
So years and years ago, I had this idea -- why not us, for once instead of getting a community to tell people what to do, why not for once we hear them?
I'll tell you a secret.
There is a problem with communication meetings there.
The entrepreneurs never stop, and they will never tell you, in a public meeting -- what you want to do with your own money, what opportunity has been identified.
So planning has this blind point.
The most smart people in their community, you don't even know them, because they don't take their public meetings themselves.
What do we do? We work one to one, and we work face to face, you have to create a social infrastructure, which doesn't exist.
You should create a new profession.
The teacher is the family doctor doctor of the company, the family doctor of business, which is started with you in your house, in the table, and that helps you find the resources to transform their passion in a way of winning life.
I started this as a test in Spain, city of America.
I was doing a PhD in the time, trying to get rid of this conscious garbage in which we come to tell you what to do.
In a year, I had 27 projects in market, and the government came to me to ask you, "How can you do that?
How can you do it? And I said, "I do something very, very, very difficult.
I walked up and I listened to you,  --  --  So the government says, "Hey, again, we have done it in 300 communities in the world.
We've helped start 40 business.
There is a new generation of entrepreneurs that are dying of society.
Peter Francisco, one of the most large commercial teachers in history, went back to 99 years ago.
Peter France was a philosophy professor before involved in business, and this is what Peter Drugs, "The planning is actually impossible with a society and a nice innovation economy.
The planning is the weight of the death of the commercial spirit.
So now you've got Christian without knowing what the most expensive people in Christian wants to do with their own money and their own energy.
You have to learn how to get these people are going to take you with you.
You have to offer conventional contracts, privacy has to be fantastic.
In a community of 10,000 people, we got 200 customers.
Can you imagine a community of 400 people, intelligence and participation?
What does you introduce this way?
It's what you are passionate -- that's what you have appealing.
So what I tell you is that the viewer is where it is.
We are at the end of the first fossil self-self-self-self-s industrial result of natural machines, natural machines, and in a time to another, we have systems that are not sustainable.
The environment engine is not sustainable.
The drone as a way of holding machines is not sustainable.
What we need to consider is how we cure us, we come on, we explore, we communicate seven billion people, in a sustainable way.
There is no technologies to do it.
Who is going to invent the technology for the green revolution, the universities?
Government? Run.
You're going to be the entrepreneurs and they're doing it now.
There is a remarkable story that is in a future magazine many, many years ago.
There was a group of experts that were invited to debate the future of New York City in the 1980s.
And in the year 1950, they got this group of people, and they were asked to what happened to New York City in 100 years, and the conclusion was this: New York City didn't exist within 100 years.
Why? Because they analyzed the curve, and they went out, if the population gets growing up to this rate, to bring the population of New York to the edges -- they would require six billion horse, and the structure produced for six million horses would be impossible to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be
They were already activity in state.  So in 1980, they were doing this technology of technology to build the lives of New York.
So what happened? In the next 40 years, in 1900, in the United States, the United States of the United States, 1940s.
And the idea of finding a different technology was absolutely absorbed and there was very few -- schools, factory places.
Describe, Michael. Henry Fore.
However, there is a secret to work with the entrepreneurs there.
First, you have to offer you constantly.
In other way, they won't be going to turn with you.
Then, you have to offer you an absolute thing, decision, exploration service.
And first, you will have to tell you the truth with about understanding it.
The smallest company, the largest company, has to be able to make three things -- many of the product that you want to sell it has to be fantastic, you have to tell you with a fantastic meal and you have to tell you with a financial advantage study.
You know what?
We have ever met a single human being in the world that can do, sell and looking for money alone.
There is no exist.
This hasn't been born.
We've invented and looked at the 100 colleagues of the world Carbon, Lestare, Steve, Forest, all the new companies, Google Common.
There is only one thing that all successful companies in the world have in common, just one, no one was beginning for a single person.
The word "Good, but the word "We "the words, 32 times.
He was not only when I started.
No one starts a company alone.
So we can create the community where we have factories, who comes from an environment of small businesses sitting in coffee -- based on born to their face the camera who are going to do for you, which someone did this subject who talk about to you, what you need to ask you, what do you need?
What can you do? Can you do it?
Well, can you sell it? Can you look for the money?
"Oh, no, I can't do that." "I want you to do that?
We accept communities.
Thank you.
Who surround us can help us in many ways to improve our lives.
We don't know all of the neighbors -- so we don't understand a lot of knowledge despite sharing the same public spaces.
In the last few years I've tried to share more with my neighbors in public space, with simple tools like authority, plants and chalk.
These projects came out of questions like, how much my neighbors pay for their approaching approaching?
How can we pay and ask more things without calling the door in a bad moment.
How do we share more memories of our abandoned buildings and understand better our landscape.
How do we share more hope from empty shops so that our communities can reflect today our needs and dreams, sorts?
I lived in New Orleans, and I am in New Orleans,
My soul always finds the giant to the giant robots that give you summer and broken and strangers and contract in a city town.
It's always happening to music --  -- there's a decline in New Orleans,  -- the city has one of the largest architects in the world, but also one with the greatest amount of predictable properties in America.
I live near this house, and I thought how could it turn it into a more nice space for the neighborhood and also in something that changed my life forever.
In 2009, I lost someone who loved a lot.
I was John, as a mother for me.
Her death was representation and inspired.
I thought a lot about death.
And this produced me a deep graduate for the living time and this made me.
He gave it clear to the significant things of my life.
But I hear to keep this sea in my everyday life.
It seems like that it's easy to leave the day to day and forget the really important thing for you.
So with the help of old and new friends to transform the wall of this house on a giant paradox and painted about it front of them to compare -- before well, "I want to die.
So the treatments could take a kid, reflect about their lives and share personal aspiration in public space.
I didn't know what to wait about this experiment but next day the wall was representation and kept coming.
And I'd like to share some things that people write in the wall.
Before well, I want to be a looking at paradox.  Before I would want to feel the carbon camera line?
Before I want to sing for millions of people.
Before well, I want to put a brain."
Before well, I want to live outside the Web.
Before well, I want to make it a more time more?
Before well, I want to go to the rescue of somebody.
Before well, I want to be completely myself.
This abandoned space is constructed and dreams and hope of people and hope of people who were asked to care to me, became me, and they gave me focus in hard times.
It's about knowing that you're not alone. It's trying to understand our neighbors in new ways and school -- it's trying to give care of relative and cooperation, and to remember what is the most important thing for us as we grow and change.
This happened last year, and I started getting hundreds of messages of people who wanted to make a wall in their community.
So with my colleagues of climate center we did a child and now have been done in countries around the world, like Kapaisk, South Africa, Australia, Argentina and beyond there.
Together we demonstrate the power of our public spaces if you give us the opportunity to express and share a lot.
Two of the most valuable things we have are time and our relationships with other people.
In our age of distributions in increase -- is more important than never, find the ways to create the perspective and remember that life is green and defined.
The death is something that we often continue to speak to you, or even thinking, but I understood that we are going to prepare for death is one of those things that are getting more power.
Think about our life.
Our shared spaces can be able to reflect the way as individuals and as community and more media to share hope, fear and stories and the people that surrounds us cannot only help improve our lives.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Today I have a only perception.
Please don't tell me that I'm normal.
Now I would like to introduce my sisters.
Remember has 22 years old, it's high and very grand.
I don't talk about it, but you get better joy than some of the best arms.
I remember know what the love.
I share it increasingly happening what happens.
It's not absolutely. It doesn't look at the skin color.
They don't care about religious and present in this. Never mind.
When I sing songs of our childhood, trying to pursue words that I couldn't even get me, I remember one thing, the little thing we know about the mind and the wonderful thing that it should be the unknown thing.
Samuel has 16 years old. It's high. It's very grand.
I get the most impressive memory.
However, it's a selective memory.
I didn't remember if I stole my chocolate child, but I remember the year that I came out every one of the songs of my percent, conversations that we kept when I was four years old, to be paid in my arm for the first state of Telescope and the Good Galaxy birthday calls.
Do you don't seem amazing?
But most people are not right.
And in fact, because their minds don't get up to the concept of society of society, often they're investigated and incredibly.
But what I pushed my heart, and I passed my soul was that even if that was the case, even though they don't consider them inside the organization, that could only mean a thing, which was extremely, and extremely extraordinary.
Now, for those less familiar family with the algorithms of the authority, it's a complex brain complex that affect social communication and sometimes to physical skills.
In every individual makes a different way in every individual way to Sam is so different to Sam.
And all around the world, every 20 minutes, is diagnosed a new case of autism, and even though it's one of the disorders of development that more fast increase in the world, there's no cause of contact.
I don't care about my first encounter with autism, but I don't remember one day without it.
I was only three years old, when my brother came to the world, and I was very excited to have a new being in my life.
When a few months, I realized that he was different.
I was a lot.
I didn't want to play like the other babies, and in fact, it didn't seem very interested in me.
I looked alive and grew up in his own world, with their own rules, and I found pleasure in the smallest things, like putting the cars around the room, looking at the flower and eat any thing that would be in between.
As I grew up, it becomes more different, and the differences were made more evidence.
But beyond the brains, the frustration and international health had something really unique -- a pure problem and innocent nature, a child that looked at the world without predictable, a human being had never mind.
Extremely.
I can't know that there has been some difficult moments in my family, moments in which I would have learned that they were right like me.
But I look back to the things that have taught me about individuals, communication and love, and I realize that they are things that didn't want to change for the normal.
The normal happens by the beauty of the beauty that give us the differences and the fact of being different doesn't mean that some is wrong.
It only means there's a different vision of what's right.
If I could take a single thing to Remember and Sam and you would be that they don't have to be normal.
They can be remarkable.
Because, alternatives or not, the differences we have, are a day, every one of us has a drone in your inner and, literally, the pursuit of nature is the last democracy of potential.
The opportunity for gravity, the progress and the change is dying at the time we try to be like others.
Please don't tell me that I'm normal.
Thank you.
Five years ago, I experienced a little bit what has been to be African in the Martin country.
Stephen State asked me to me, a computer professor, who gave a kind of communication to research students.
I was scared.  Second Ready. It students of these students with their big minds, their big books and their big words.
But when you develop those conversations. I felt what Alice should have felt like when I fell through the body hole and saw the door of a new world.
I just felt when I had those conversations with the students -- I was surprised the ideas that they had, and I wanted others to experience this wonderful world.
And I think the key to open that door is a great communication.
We need a great communication of our scientists and engineers with the end of changing the world.
Our scientists and engineers are the ones that are leveraging our biggest challenges from energy and health care and health care, and if we don't know about this, work is not done, and I think it's our responsibility as no scientists to have these interactions.
But these big conversations can't happen if our scientists and engineers don't invite us to see their wonderful world.
So scientists and engineers, please.
I want to share some suggestions about how they can do it to make sure that we can see that their science is sex and your engineering is activity.
First question to answer, and then what?
Tell us why science is relevant for us.
They don't tell us just to study the traditions, but they study the traditions, which are the bad structure structure of our bones because it's important to understand and treat the computers.
And when they are describing your science, it falls with the grade.
The goal is an obstacle for our understanding of their ideas.
Serious, you can say "computer" and text, but why don't I say special and time that is much more accessible to us?
Make them accessible is not the same thing to do that.
In contrast, as Einstein, that everything is as simple as possible, but not simple.
You can communicate your science without buying ideas.
Something to consider is to use examples, stories and analogists, they're ways of an analysis and shared with their content.
And when you introduce your work, you get rid of the baby single.
They have wondered why are the baby called "a baby?  What do you do the baths? The whales kill and kill your presentation.
A film like this is not only boring, but it takes too much in the area of the language of our brain and breakthrough.
Instead, this film of examples of General Brown is a lot more effective -- shows that the special structure of tribes is so strong that I really inspired the unique design of the 21st Screen.
The trick here is to use a simple phrase -- slide, that the audience can understand if you lose a little bit, and to control groups that support our other senses and create a more profound sense of understanding what you describe it.
I think these are only some key class that you can help us to be able to help us the door, and we see the country of the wonders that are science and engineering.
And so, scientists and engineers, when they have solved this equation, for all the media, memory with symmetry.  Thank you.
One of my favorite words from all the U.S. Diagram is "School?
Just because it sounds very good.
And "Legos means "So "So "Children "self-study?
Even though there was a particular editor of the 19th century that he decided a lot better when he said, "A Geople is here that I would look for a public charge without matter or private, and that, when you win.
I have no idea what it means "I accountable.
Something to do with the words, I guess.
It's very important than words are the basis of politics, and that all politicians know they have to try to make the language.
It was not until for example, 1940 that the British Park allows the newspapers to close the exact words that were told in the particular camera.
And all of this was very much.
He took him in the London Toilet and they went out, but he had the enough way to face them, and at the end had a popular support in London who earned it.
And only a few years later, we had the first sacred use of the phrase "the front of the phrase is the bioson of the metal.
The majority thinks it's literature.
It's not it. It's for an expression of expression.
But to show you really how words and politicians interact -- I want you to go back to America, right after the investment.
So they had to take the question of how to call George Washington, his leader.
They didn't know.
How do you call the leader of a recognition country?
This is defined in Congress for a long time.
They were presented all kinds of suggestions that could have failed.
Some of you wanted to call it "The West State "The West State and others -- "The Geople George Washington, and other of the New American Deserts.
Not very attach.
Some of them just wanted to call it "The "The "Risea."
They thought that it was really hot.
And not even with them were musical -- they had the idea that you could be chosen River for a given play.
And I could have sex.
All the world is almost married because this debate is produced for three weeks.
I read the day of a poor serious, and I always wrote, "I have this text.
What causes the portrait and the face was that the Reputation of Republicans was in against the Sense.
The Reputation of Republicans didn't want Washington to be a power of power.
They didn't want to call it River for whether he was going to him or his own ideas.
So they wanted to give you the most more modern, more incredible and more phone that you have happened.
And that title was "People?
President. They didn't invent the title -- there was already before, but it only means someone who lost a meeting?
It was like the president of a planet.
And I didn't have much more big than the term "The terrorism or "Support?
There were evolutionary pressures of small colony and government, but it really was a strong teacher.
And that's why the Senate is obsolete.
They said, "It's ridiculous, we can't call the Pressure."
"This kind of kind of has to eat treated and get the extraordinary distributions.
"And who would take it seriously.
And finally, after three weeks of debate, the Senate didn't happen.
We can learn three interesting things from all this.
First of all, and this is my favorite to where I've been able to figure out, the Senate has never gotten the protein of President Pressure.
The President Barack Obama has fortune to follow there, waiting to the Senate between action.
The second thing we can learn is that when a government says that a movement is temporary --                           You know, we're going to say waiting 23 years old.
But the third thing we can learn, and this is the most important, and this is the most important, and with this I want to leave you, is that the U.S. President is not just as modest today today, right?
Especially if you have more than 5,000 nuclear heads to device, the biggest economy of the world and a flow of red vehicles and others.
The reality, and the story has given the field of gravity.
So at the end of the end won the Sense.
They got his responsibility of responsibility.
And also the other concern of the Sense, the appearance of selection, well, it was a synchronized for then.
But you know how many nations have now?
And everything because they want to sound like the 5,000 nuclear heads and so on.
So at the end of the United States and the Red Reputation, because no one is going to feel humble when you tell them that they are now the President of America.
And I think that that is the great lesson we can learn, and that I would like to leave you.
politicians try to choose and use the words to make shape and control reality, but actually the most modern reality is a lot more words than what these could change reality.
Thank you very much.
I'm 45 to meters under land in an illegal minute of Ghana.
The air is carbon and dust and it's hard to breathe.
I feel the rock of European bodies in the dark, but I can't see a lot more.
I hear voices that talk about, but over all, that cycle of male rates and legs with primitive tools.
And as the others, I took a chest line of the synthetic light on the head with this alternative school and you can barely distinguish the walls of that hole of a meter than hundreds of meters on the Earth.
I was running my hand, and suddenly I remember a money that I met days before, which lost the control and every meter in that picture.
As I talk to you today, these men are in the deep of that hole to deliver their lives without paying or recognition, and often dying.
I went out of that hole and I went home, but they may never do it, because they are part of the school.
In the last 28 years I was documenting natural cultures in over 70 countries in six continents, and in 2009, I had the great honor to be the only exhibition in the Country of the Careful Park.
Among all the amazing people that I met that I met a transportation interaction of the San Second -- an NGO who was devoted to eradicate the modern school.
We started talking about the school and really, I started learning about slavery because I knew that there existed in the world but not as a grade.
When we finished me to talk to me to me a very bad -- environments was embarrassed to ignore this attitude of our days and I thought, if I don't know, how many people don't know?
He made me a little bit of the stomach, and weeks later, I flew back to Los Angeles, to know the director of Free and sure my help.
So I started my journey to modern school.
It had already been in many of these sites.
For some of them, even my second home.
But this time, selling the dirty places.
A constant calculation says that there are now over 24 million people in the world.
It's the double of the amount of Africans available throughout all of the traditional scales.
A hundred years ago, the cost of an agricultural school was about three times the annual water of a U.S.
The equivalent to about 50 percent of them.
However, you can be all able to be all able to be all of the Internet families of genes per year 1950.
Interestingly, the school generates victims of over 18 billion dollars a year around the world.
A lot of people have been supported with very good education, and better work to find that they are forced to work without pay, under the threat of violence and can't escape.
Today, the slide open in the common, the goods produced by scales have value, but who produce them are destroying them.
The slavery exists in almost all the world, and yet it's illegal around the world.
In India and New, I met the male hosts.
This strange and farmer special was like entering the ancient Egypt or the Design of Dani.
Interestingly in a 1950s television, men, women, children, in fact, in fact, in fact, in fact, in a long side of dust -- they add mechanically plants in their heads, until 18 at the time, and they bring them out of the motor hormones to trucks that are in hundreds of feet.
They described by the monkey and cooperation work in silence, doing this task over and again for 16 or 17 hours a day.
There were no particles to eat, not to drink, and depression was going to be pretty intelligent.
So financially they were the heat and the dust that my camera became too hot, and I stopped working.
Every 20 minutes I had to go back to the car to clean the team and make it work with air to get it up, and sitting there, I thought, my camera gets a much better treatment than these people.
It turns back in the hormones I wanted to cry but the restaurant that I was at my side quickly, and he said, "Let's not do it. Don't do it here."
And it explained me very clearly that we will demonstrate emotions is very dangerous in places like this, not just for me but for them.
I couldn't offer you any direct help.
I couldn't give you money, anything.
I was not a city of that country.
I could put them in a worse situation.
I had to trust the Sea States and work inside of the system for their freedom and trust you to get it.
In terms of me, I hope to get home to feel my destroying heart.
In the Himalayas. I found kids running stones for miles for mountains to trucks that were waiting down.
Those big plants were more likely than children who were coal, and kids put them up to their heads with careers and careers and takes them.
It's hard to introduce something as structure.
How can we influence in something so insignment, but so fair?
Some of you don't even know that they are slaves and work 16 or 17 hours a day without paying, because this has been all his life.
They have nothing to buy.
And when these villages picked up their freedom, the schools were taking their homes.
As we hear the slide slide often we think about sexual traffic and because of this global awareness of me that would be difficult to me to work with security in this particular business.
In Kanzary made me women who had been profoundly sexual scales.
And they drove me for a little bit of the pathologist that they went to this surface of the seven flower light.
It wasn't exactly a baby.
It was more a restaurant.
Response, as you know in the office, they are local for the failed protection.
They have small ability, private skills, where the women starts with their girls and children, some of it only seven years old, are forced to train more food and algeric.
Each dot is dark and surface, identified by a number painted in the wall and divided by a biomark and a critical.
The workers often suffer sexual abuse in hands of their customers.
In the beginning, I remember to have felt a fear of an appropriate test and, in that moment, I could barely imagine what it should be to be stuck in that hell.
I only had a salitant, the stairs where I went in.
There were no doors.
There were no great enough as to transplant.
Those people don't have school and because we play a very difficult topic, it's important to be able to be able to be silent that the school, even sexual traffic happens to us.
There are hundreds of people in the agriculture, in restaurants in the domestic service and the list can continue.
Recently, the New York Times reported that between 100,000 and 100,000 children are sold every year as sex schools.
It happens for everybody, but we don't see it.
The texts are another activity that we often relate with the state of the spinal work.
I visited Indian villages in which there were the state food families in the middle of the state.
This is a family.
The theories of black are the father, the blue tissues and red, of their children.
Miching the tenthrous millions of these great barriers and selection the silk in the liquid to the countries, but the temptation is toxic.
My interpretation told me their stories.
We have no blood?
We were still waiting to get out of this house some day and go to another place where we really pay us our job.
It's estimated that there are more than 400 children standing on the Voluta line, the largest artificial light of the world.
When we arrived, I went to take a quick view.
I saw what seemed to be a family family in a boat, two older brothers -- some more young kids have sense of feel?
mistake. They were all scale.
Kids are separated from their favorite families, depressed and forced to work extinct from these buttons in the lake despite not knowing anything.
This child has eight years old.
When our boat was about a bit of support, it takes her little song to be extremely.
I was paralyzed by the fear of falling the water.
The branches of sexual trees in the lake Valley often make networks and children, factory and first, are arrested to the water to disappear the branches to download the branches to develop the branches to develop the branches to develop the branches to develop the branches to develop the branches to develop the branches to develop the branches to develop the branches to develop the branches to develop the branches
Many of them are hangh.
Since I remember, it's always been forced to work on the lake.
As a fear of his love is not going to be going on, and as a whole life has been treated with creature, cruel is about the most young scales under their hand.
I met these guys at five o'clock in the morning, when they had the last networks, but they had been working from the one one.
In the early night and very signature.
And you know that these networks spend more than 400 pounds when they are from fish.
I want to introduce you.
Kobar was represented in a fish cell.
I met it in a refugee in which "Read Selecter to victims of the school.
Koba symptoms the possible.
Who is going to be very much.
And driving for a race in Ghana with sounds of Free the Sea, a relative company with his relative motor and sounds our car and the window.
It asked us to find it for a land path to the jungle.
At the end of the way, we taught us to go out of the car, and I asked it to the driver that would be quickly.
And then I read this green vision and said, "This is the path, this is the way. Let's go.
And as we started to go down, we take the surfaces that they block the path, and after walking about a hour we found that the path was attached by the recent blue, so I put the pictures of pictures about my head as we depend on these water to the chest.
After two hours of walk, the child was going to end up in a clear, and we had a mass of holes that I could swim in a football field, and all of them were full of studying workers.
A lot of women had children left their shoes and as they were looking at gold, they were walking in water water with memory.
The market is used in the extraction process.
These minerals are located in a piece of Galaxy.
When they came out of the period were pregnant in their own sound.
I remember that I looked at his eyes called, surrounded, because many had been under land for 72 hours.
The wells have to 90 meters and these people are going to make a little bit of the stone partners that then then will be transported to another area in which they were able to be able to extract the gold.
In the first view, the site seems to be full of strong men and visit, but if we look more closely, we see to work to others less factory and also children.
They are all victims of leaders, diseases and violence.
In fact, it's very likely that this muscle ended like this vision of the tracks and the emergency in a few years old.
This is Manhattan. When he died his father his father he took him to work with him in the mines.
When you die your uncle, Manhattan has the debt of the uncle of what it force is to be scale in the mines.
When I met it, I had worked in the mines 14 years and the lens of the leg you see here is a product of an accident in the country, so big that the doctors said it should be a photograph.
In addition of that, Manual has cultural and not objective to that, it's forced to work night and day in that mines.
And yet, he sounds with being released and educated with local activists like Free the Slave and is this kind of determination to a remote possibility -- which inspired me a lot of respect.
I want to throw light about school.
They knew that their images would be seen for you.
I wanted you to get text of them and we do everything possible to help change their lives.
I certainly think that if we can see each other as human beings, then it turns very hard to tolerate action as the school.
These images are not about reduces. They're about people, real people, like you, and like me, who deserve the same rights, dignity and respect in their lives.
There is no day that I don't think about these many beautiful people, male, that I've had the great honor to know.
I hope that these images are shooting a force in who you see them, in people like you, and I hope that force gets a fire and that I hope that I find light on the school because, without that light, the beasts of the school can continue to live in the shadows.
Thank you very much.
I make it applied and there is a peculiar problem for who we do it, we are like the management contracts.
No one knows what dinosaurs do.
So I'm going to try to tell you what I do.
The dance is one of the most human activities.
They define us the victims of the whale and the climate dancers --  we see more again.
But the whale developed a degree of extraordinary training -- a high level of destroying and probably a certain initial component that you can have a genetic components.
Sadly, the neurological disorders like the bad destroyed destroyed this extraordinary skills, as it does with my friend Jane Seriation that in his time, was a variation of balance.
Over the last few years has been programmed in the treatment.
However, there are 35 million people in the world that are sick, and they have to deal with a subjective identity, smaller, rich and other symptoms of this disease, so we need goals to detect the disease before it is too late.
We need to measure the progress of objective way, and in definition, the only way we will know if there is really a cure to be when we have an objective and creature.
But it's frustrated that for Parkinson's and other disorders of movement are not biological markets. That's why they don't serve blood analysis and the best that we have is a neural existence of 20 minutes.
You have to go to a clinic to do it. It's very, very expensive, and that means that, outside the clinical trials, never do.
And what if patients could do it in home?
That will save a difficult journey to clinic. What if patients could be able to do the exam themselves.
You wouldn't need a person.
By the way, it costs a few dollars in the neurological clinic.
So what I want to introduce you as a consumer way to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try it, you see, in a certain sense at least, we're all virtual as my friend Jane Seria.
This is a video of the violence of the vocal bodies.
It shows someone healthy as you avoid sounds to speak -- we can imagine it as dancers of a white whale because we have to coordinate all those brave organs to produce sounds and we all have the genes need.
And as the dance, it requires an extraordinary training level.
Let's think about time that takes a child to learn to talk about.
From the sound, we can take the position of the vocal caves as they live, and so like Parkinson's affect extraordinarily, also affect the vocal organs.
In the bottom of the bottom of the bottom you can see an example of a massive example of the vocal doors.
We see the same symptoms.
Vell, very vocal and depression and rich.
The discussion becomes more transplantation and assumed after a challenge, and this is an example of the symptoms.
How do these examples compare in the voice with the specialized clinical trials -- well, both of them are not invisible.
The neutral theater is not invisible. They both use existing infrastructure.
It's not necessary to design a whole series of hospitals to do it.
Both of them are precises. Well, but then all the experts based in voice are not specialized of.
I mean, they can be adult.
They do very quickly, take about 30 seconds like a lot.
They are a minimum cost, and we all know what happens.
And when something takes a cost so low, it happens to mass scale.
These are some amazing goals to get up.
We can reduce the local discovery of patients.
I wouldn't have to go to the clinic for the routine child.
With high free molecule, we could get objective data.
We could make massive mechanical religion for clinical trials, and for the first time, clean children to global scale.
We have the opportunity to start looking for the earliest biologists before it is too late.
So when you give the first steps in that sense, we're launching the Olympic New Parkins.
Together to Australia and Palibana, we want to register a lot of voices around the world to collect enough data and start to get these goals.
We have accessible local lines for about 75 billion people in the world.
Any one or without Parkins, you can call it down to price and let me tell you that we've already reached 10 percent of the goal in just eight hours.
Thank you.   Tom Richard, then Mart, taking all these samples of this, say, 10,000 people, you might say who is healthy, and who isn't it?
What are these samples?
Max Giussani: Yeah, yeah. What happens is that during the call you have to indicate if you have or not disease.
MG: You see, some people may not get it. You may not finish it.
But we're going to get a very large sample of decentional data in different circumstances and do it in different circumstances is important because we're looking for clean factory factors in the way of disease.
TS: Do you have 80 percent of precision at this moment.
MG: A lot more than that.
In fact, my TED student, I have to put it up, has done a fantastic job and now has shown that it works in the mobile phone network, also what the project.
TS: It networked and nine. Well, it's a better.
MG: Of course.
TS: Thank you very much. Matt Little, public.
MG: Thank you, T.
Before the March of 2010, he made photographs in the city of New York.
We're private creatures.
We hide ourselves in the dark, in terms without windows and therefore we avoid sunlight light.
We do to more detailed models -- the perfect skin is still more perfect to do the impossible thing, possible and create us in the press all the time, but some of us are really artists with a lot of years of experience, and a real job for images and photograph.
The 11 percent of the 1980s, I saw from my house, as the rest of the world, the events that happen in Japan.
Little time later, an organization where it was volunteer, there were Venters Voluta, was in the place working as part of the answer team.
I, together with hundreds of other volunteers we knew that we couldn't stay sitting in home, so I decided to join the group for three weeks.
The 12 percent of May, I traveled to American.
It's a little bit of fish photographs on the president of Earth of almost 50 people, one of the first people affected by the beach.
The level of representation water is over 24 feet tall, and over three miles in the top.
As you can imagine, the village was developed.
We take framework from the channel, and the banks.
We clean schools -- we take the way and leave the ready houses to be represented and representation.
We take tons and tons of dead fish accountable, active, loss of local factory.
We trust us and loved us.
For weeks as well as the neighbors found similar things.
They found pictures and light limbs and cameras and cars and the car cars.
Everybody did the same thing.
Remember them and bring them to different parts of the people around to get them.
It was not until then I realized that those pictures represent a huge part of the personal losses that those people had suffering.
As you go out of the wave and to save their lives, they had to open absolutely everything they had.
At the end of my first week, I started to help me help in a control center.
He helped clean the common battles of the chemicals, giant batheria.
This place turns out to be the place of the village where the cancer center recognizes the photos.
And there were the honor that he was going to trust me to clean the photos.
This was exciting and inspired -- I had heard the expression to think more about the hours, but it was not until to translate my hours that something happened.
By looking at the pictures, I found some who had over a hundred years ago some of them were still in the lab of the lab, I couldn't be able to be able to be able to think about how to fix that mouse and I met hundreds of people who could do the same thing.
So that night came into Facebook contact with some of them, and the next morning, the answer was so surprise and positive that I knew we had to try to try it.
So we started getting the photos.
This was the first of all.
I was not too surprise, but where the water had documented the face of the girl should be face with a lot of precision and happiness.
In another way, that child would not have the aspect of it, and that would be as tragic as having the strategic picture.
With the time of time, they came out of more pictures, and they needed more representations like this is that I went back in Facebook and Linux and five days later, 80 countries of 12 countries were offered to help.
At the course of two weeks I had 150 people to join it.
In Japan, in July, we moved to Revice, a neighbor village to northern Banda.
Once the week we were using our scanner in the temporal photographs that had been inspired -- where people were going to reclaim their photos.
The time that they were going to take you is a different story, depending out of the challenges of the photos.
I could imagine a hour. I could imagine weeks old.
I could imagine months.
And this apes had been to draw mainly in the hand using the areas whose color and detail the water hadn't destroyed.
I took a lot of time.
The water destroyed all these massive pictures in the upper water, covered of bacteria, with salitations, with algae -- all of them together with action, all of them together with the time of the time of the time that I continue to be destroyed, so you compare it to hand.
We couldn't accept the picture unless it was clean, it sounds and would have been recovered by his sleep.
We were lucky with empathy to hand.
We tell the guide of an amazing neighbors.
It's very easy to give you even more the photos.
As a time said, the leader of my group is like doing a table.
You can't eat mistakes.
The woman who brought us these pictures had strong in relation to photos.
I had started to clean them, but he stopped the way you realize it even more.
I had also discovered.
Without them, the images of their husband and their own face would not be able to rebuild the images in a single picture and represent the complete picture.
When I picked their pictures share some of his story with us.
A few colleagues of their husband found the pictures in a state station between the very far fires of where it used to be their house, but their colleagues recognize it.
The day of the tsunami, his husband was the surrounded to close the barriers to the beach.
I had to go inside the water as the serious surveillances.
Their small children, not as small now, but their two children were in the school, in different soldiers.
One of them was trapped in the water.
I took a week to find all his family and know that everyone had survived it.
The day I loved his photographs his youngest child four years ago.
For her, despite all of this, those pictures were the best gift that I could do it, something that he could be able to look at it, something that I could remember the past that I wouldn't have been killed by that day in his life changed or been destroyed.
After six months in Japan 1,000 volunteers had joined them to there in there to be there to clean more than 125, the biggest majority of 1850, the biggest majority of their own hands.
Over 500,000 volunteers around the world were helping us to go back to 90 families of totally respected and representation.
For this time, we don't really spend more than 100,000 in teams and materials, most of the transportations for impressions.
We take pictures constantly.
A picture is a memory of someone or something, a place, a relationship, someone wanted.
These are guarantees of our memories and stories -- the last thing that we would take us but the first thing we get to look for you.
This was about the project, to restore small pieces of humanity, to follow someone their connection with the past.
When a picture like this comes back to somebody, it sounds a huge difference in the life of the person that you get.
This project also made a great difference in the life of representations.
Some of them connected them with something larger to develop something, using their talent for something that are not a perfect skin model.
In order to end up this electronic email -- I sent it 50 the day I came back from Japan after six months.
As a record, I couldn't avoid thinking about people and stories showed in the images.
One particular picture, a picture with women of different ages from the grandmother to the small girl and records around a baby, and I kept me, because a similar picture of my family my grandmother, my mother, I was a chart of my wall.
In the entire world, in all of our basic needs are the same, right?
Thank you.
David Democrates is inspired and curious with this picture of a battle that takes a apple in an exhibition of just a million seconds.
But now 50 years later, we can go back a million times faster and see the world not a million or a billion -- but a trillion frames per second.
I presented a new kind of photograph, the photographer, a new techniques that can create videos in camera line of light in movement.
And with that we can create cameras that you can see after the rivers, beyond the vision line, or see the interior of the body without using X-ray game, and they challenge really the idea of cameras.
If you take a laser professional and you put it and I put it up in a trillion or it is, in several farmers to create a little bit of pictures of a mile attach.
And that package package -- that battle, traveling to the speed of light, and, again, a million times faster than a common boat.
If we take that balance and this package package and we shoot in this bottle, how are those pictures in this bottle?
What's the aspect of light in camera single?
Now, all of this.   Remember that all of this happens in less than a browser is what it takes to travel the light.
But this video is 10 billion times more slow.
Collaborator did not apply this research --  -- a lot of things in this film, to get this information to show what is happening.
The pulse, our batheria, enters in the boat with a package of pictures that starts to bring up and that, inside it starts destroying.
Part of the light is fail, it goes into the table, and we started seeing these contractions.
A lot of the pictures finally come to the paper, and then they exploit in various directions.
As you can see, there's an air bubble that robots in the inside.
In that time, the waves travel through the table, and because of the research of the upper part of the top you see in the bottom of the bottle, after a lot of factors, that religions are connected.
Now, if we take a common balance and correctly and we do that I remember the same distance, and we see it in camera line to about 10 billion times, how much you think that we would take you to see that film.
A day? A week? In fact, every year.
It would be a very boring movie -- or a bad ball in movement.
And what do you try to do with nature?
You can see the waves that are left from the table, of course and the wall.
It's like a stone in a stage.
It's the way nature paint a photo, thinking about a drug at the time, but of course, our eyes see a smart compassion.
But if you look at one more time, you realize that, as the light is left from the task -- it's still broadcast.
Why? Because the atom is market and the robot light in your inner and comes back after several billion seconds.
In the future, when this drug is in their mobile -- they're going to be able to go to the supermarket and to check if the fruit is marriage without having to touch it.
So what do we create this camera in MIT?
As a photographer, you know, if we take a picture to low exposure, it enters very little light.
But we're going to be a billion times faster than the most short experience, so you can just get some light.
We move that battle, that package of pictures, millions of times, and we recorded over and again with a very exciting situation, we take those goals of data and we train the computational state to create those drugs that I showed you.
We can take all those data in cruel and protect them in an interesting way.
Sure can fly.
Other heroes can be invisible.
And if a new power of a Swedish future would allow you to see about the risks?
The idea is that we could bring a little bit of light on the door, Reach, go to the room, a part is going to reflect on the door, and from there to the camera, to the camera.
Where we could extract those multiple light robots.
It's not fiction. We've already built it.
On the left, it's our family.
Behind the wall is a manufacture and we're going to protect the light on the door.
After the public of our article in National Common."
And a small fraction of the pictures will go back to the camera, but interestingly, in moments slightly different.
And as we have a camera that works like this, our family, has unique capacity.
It has very good temperature and can look at the world to the speed of light.
So we know the distance to the door, and also to the hidden objects, but we don't know what the point corresponds to what distributed to it.
When you provide a laser you can get a picture of broken, that you see in the screen, it really doesn't have any sense.
But we're going to take a lot of images like this, tens of images, we'll bring them and try to analyze the multiple light robots, and with that, we can see the cultural object.
Can we see it in 3D?
This is our resource.
We have things to explore before that of the lab, but in the future, we could create cars that avoid conditions with what's going to the curve of the curve, which is the rise of the curve, which is the flow of the curve, which is the flow of the curve, which is the flow of the curve, which is the flow of the curve, which is the flow of
Or we could look for survivors in dangerous conditions looking at the light of the open window.
Or we could build schools to see the interior of the body structure and the same for the carbons.
But of course, because of the tissue and blood this is quite difficult -- so it's actually quite difficult -- so this is actually a fish to scientists so that they start thinking about photography as a new mortality of violence to solve the problems of the next generation.
So like David Research, he was a scientist in art, an art of a flower photograph.
I realized that all kinds of data that we collected every time they're not only for scientific viruses, but we can be able to be able to be able to be able to be scientific visualizations.
It will create a new form of computational photography with breast camera and code code.
And we look at those waves -- remember, time between every one of those waves is just a few trillion seconds.
But there is also something fun.
If we look at the waves under the street, these are moving out of us.
The waves should move towards us.
What happens here?
It turns out that, as we're recording almost to the speed of light, we have strange effects. And Einstein would have loved this image.
The order to occur the events in the world sometimes it comes into the camera.
So applying the operating information of space and time, we can cut this distribution.
It's already time. Thank you.
Hi. This is my mobile phone.
A mobile can change life, and you give you individual freedom.
With a mobile can photograph a crime against humanity in Syria.
With a mobile can take a message and start a protest in Egypt.
With a mobile you can get a song, it will go back to Long and make it famous.
All this is possible with a cell phone.
I'm an 1988 and living in the city of Berket.
Let's go back to that moment, to this town.
Here you can see how hundreds of thousands of people were protected in search for a change.
This is the eight of 1999. Imagine if all these people who protect you in looking for a change, they had a mobile in the pocket.
Who suddenly have a mobile here?
Raise them.
Raise their mobile memories, they get them.
Get you a American, a Black, worker."
It's a lot. Almost everyone has a mobile today.
But today, I'm going to talk about me, of my mobile and how life changed me.
I'll talk about this.
These are 35 years of information.
Data in the boat.
Why is that information there?
Because in the summer of 2006, the University of the United States presented a direction.
The Democratic Describe Decention.
This conductor says that every European phone company, every president of the Internet of all, has to store a massive range of information information.
Who calls who he sends an email to who I sent up an email to who I send up a picture.
Who sent him a text to who I sent up a text to who I sent up a text.
And if we use the mobile where we are.
All of this information is stored by at least six months, and to two years, in their telephone company, or his Internet protein.
And all over Europe, people were planted and said, "We don't want this one."
They said they didn't want this decade of data.
We want the authority in the digital age, and we don't want the telephone to the Internet and the Internet pressures store all this information about us.
There were lawyers, protein, streets, all said, "We don't want this."
And here you can see about 10 billion people who went out to the streets of Berlin, and they said, "Letter, not sex."
And some of them said this would be the State 2.5 percent.
The Sun was the secret police of America.
And I also asked me if this works really well.
Can you store all this information about us?
Every time you use the mobile use?
So I asked my phone to my Television, Department Telescope, that at that time, was the largest telephone company in Germany, which please got me all the information that they had about me.
I asked them once, and he went back to him, and I didn't get a concrete answer -- it was all base, ball.
But then I said, I want to have this information because you are practicing my life.
So I decided to introduce you a presentation device because I wanted to have this information.
But Thomas Television said, "No, we're not going to give you this information.
At the end of the end, we signed a record.
I would remember the demand and they send me the information that I could.
As so as so, the International Contraction College finally passed the incentive of the U.S.
So I got this picture on market with a CD inside.
And in the chip.
It takes up and five thousands of them bring information lines.
At the beginning, I saw them and I said, well, it's a huge architecture. OK.
But after a time I realized that it's my life.
There are six months of my life in this architecture.
It was a little bit essentially, what should we do with that?
Because you can see where I am, where I spend the night, what I'm doing.
But then I said, I want this information to happen.
I want to make it public.
Because I want to show you the people what the data of data.
So next to Fred Kolama and hear Dan Chair, we did this.
This is a six months of my life.
You can go up and go back to go back and forward.
You can see every step I go.
And you can see how I'm going from France in the train to California, and what often I call in the treatment.
All this is possible with this information.
That gives a little bit of fear.
But it's not just about me.
But of all of us.
First, there are things like I call my wife and she calls me a couple of times.
And then I call me some friends and they call me between them.
And then you call the other, and the other to the other, and we ended up with this big network of communication.
You can see how your people are communicating between know how time they call each other, how long they sleep.
You can see all this.
You can see the centers, the leaders of the group.
If you have access to this information, you can see what's doing society.
If you have access to this information, you can control your society.
This is a model for countries like China and Iran.
This is a model to study the shape of your society, because you know who I talk to who you talk to who, who gives you an image to who you have access to this information.
And this information is stored at least six months in Europe, and to two years.
As I said to the beginning, imagine if all these people in the streets of Berket, in the 21st of 1999, they have a mobile in the pocket.
And the Sun had known who participate in this protein, and, if the Sun had known who the leaders, this never had happened.
The fall of the Berlin Valley may never have happened.
And in consequence -- it's not the fall of the Korea.
Because today the state agencies and companies want to store so much information of us as possible and outside of the website.
They want to have the possibility to follow our lives and want to send them forever.
But the authority and living in the digital age is not a contradiction.
But today you have to fight for authority.
You have to fight this in the day.
When you go back home to your friends that privacy is a value of the 21st century and it's not a strange.
And when you go home, you give them back to your representation that only because companies and state agencies can store some information, they don't have to do it.
And if you don't believe me, ask your phone company, what information of you.
So in the future, every time you use their mobile phones to remember that they have to fight for the activity in the digital era.
Thank you.
Hello, TED happen?
It's not enough.
Hello, TED happen?
I call me Malasham Gandhi and I'm not a surface, but I know the doctor I brought me to the world.
I went to my mom six times in six different directions.
As a result, I have cerebral particles, which is why all the time.
Look at it.
It's a graduate. I'm like a mixture of Shark.
And Mohan Allen.
The C. China.
It's not cognitive or it can be control.
No one gave me the third of my mother and not the contract because my parents were early brothers, even though they are.
It only happens by accidents like the one that happened to me.
Now, I'm not aware of inspiration. And I don't want any of the pressures to you.
It feels bad for me, because in some time of life, you've got to be depressed.
We're going to go on.
So Valley Viecrases, are in the commercial center, drive in critical contracts, and what do you see?
16 empty places.
And you think, "God, I can be at least a little discovery of describe?
In addition, I tell you, I have 99 problems, and the C. China.
We have a family of the operation, I would win the gold map.
I'm a Palestinian magnetic, multiple, women, depression and live in New Jersey.
If you don't feel better, maybe they should do it.
I'm from Park California, in New Jersey.
I always loved my neighborhood and my disease had the same incredible.
I also love that if I wanted to walk from my house to New York, I could.
A lot of people with brain characters don't walk, but my parents don't believe in the can't be can."
My father was, "Can you get the "the "the "the strategy to do it."
If my three biggest sisters came up, I saved.
If my three older sisters were going to public school, my parents developed the school system, and they made sure that I was also going on, and if we didn't know all the real note of my mother.
My father taught me to walk at five years to put my hands in their feet and just walking.
Another technique that I used was to take a dollar in front of me so that I would follow it.
The suggestion that I took inside was very strong, and I was very strong.
Yeah. The first day in the childhood garden was walking like a baby field that has received a lot of grades.
By growth, there were only six Arabs in my city and were all of the family.
Now there are 20 Reasons, and they continue to be all of the family.  I think nobody realized that we weren't plants.
This was before 9/11, and that politicians think about to use the movement of musical movements.
The people who grew up had no problems with my faith.
Not obvious, it seemed to worry a lot of a man for the market.
I was telling you that I had enough fat to live three months without eating -- so that I would get out of the dawn to go forward is very easy.
Ban was born in Brazil.
Yeah, in Brooklyn, it's crazy.  My parents couldn't afford the physical therapy, so I was going to get the dance school.
I learned to dance with the galaxies, or it was that I can walk.
I'm from New Jersey and there we want to be a kid, so if my friends used to be game, I too.
And when my friends were going to take the summer variations in the coast of Jerrey, I didn't go.
I spent my summer in a war zone, because my parents take that if we don't go back to Palestine all the summer, we would become Marine.
In the summer variations often my father was trying to save me, so I was a brown lab -- I would put hot boxes on the street, I was immersed in the Mart Sea, and I remember that the water took me the eyes and thought, "So work?
But the microbial cure was the game.
I need to say that it's very boring -- but before I do it was a state of surface that I couldn't be able to be a foot of foot "the skin.
And I can now stay in the head.
My parents rejected this idea that I could do anything, that no one dream was impossible, and my dream was to be in the General Hospital.
I went to college for positive discrimination and I got a scholarship for the United States, University of the state of Arabic, because I went into all the clubs.
It was like the male defaction from the theater detail.
Everybody loved me.
I did all the things of the less smart, I took the next note in my class, and also in their classes.
Every time I did a scene of the scene of my crime of critical my teachers filled.
But I never got a role.
Finally, in my last year, the TED decided to make a work called Ball very slow in Japan.
It's a girl of a girl with brain particles.
I was a girl with brain particles.
So I started screaming for four single single, "The end of having a role.
I have cerebral paradoxics.
At the end of the book for the finance."
Thank God asked, at the end I'm biomarker."
I didn't get the paper.  They went to Jerry Brown.
I was going to increase the director of the theater department, crying history, as if someone had killed my cat, to ask me why and she told me that because they think I couldn't do the risk scene.
And I said, "I said, "School, if I can't do the risk, you can't do the personal skin?
It was a paper for which he literally had been born and they gave them a little brain particular.
The universe was sending my life.
Hollywood has a story of making actors without disability for departments of depression.
By graduate, I went home, and my first action was like a sea in a selection.
My dream did reality.
And I knew that it would be a company of "a company from my black friend in a single.
In contrast, I was there as a barrier, you don't see me more than the new thing, and it was the evidence for me that the reputation directors didn't get artistic artists, not white actions, not white actions.
They only hired people perfect.
But there were exceptions to the rule.
I grew up looking at Google Google, Robert Barret, and all these women had one thing in common. They were common.
So I made me hypertentilling.
In my first line I had famous comic comics from New York to New Jersey to New Jersey to New Jersey -- and I would never forget the face of the first comic that I was going to high speed of New Jersey with a driver that had cerebral paradoxiations.
I worked in club of all of the United States, and also in Arab in the Middle East, without center and without very self.
Some people say I'm the first model of the Arab world.
I never like to reclaim the first place, but I know you had never heard that small democracy that says that women are not fun, and they find us very fun.
In 2009, my sister of another mother and father, Dean Brazil, and I launched the New York of New York, now in his 10.
Our goal was to change the negative image of the Americans in the media media and at the time to remind them to the repair directions that social and Arab are not symptoms.
I'll try to try the Arab was much easier than fighting against the challenge of the scientific scale.
My great opportunity came in 2010.
I was like invented to the news program program at the way with Keith Kanza.
And I went up to a graduate dance, I went back to a study and sat to me in a wheelchair chair.
I looked at the director and I said, "Discover, you can give me another single?
She looked at me and he said, "Finally, four, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three,
And we were in live."
So I'm going to offer me to the president of the president to not go out of the screen for the second, and when I finished the interviews, I was pain.
At the end I had my opportunity and the developmentally. I knew that they were not going to invite you.
But not only Mr. Kevelon came back to imagine, but it was a little bit like a particular time and I paid my chair.
Something fun that I learned in direct with Keith Global was that people in the Internet are scale.
It says the kids are creature, but they never died from me or a little bit larger.
And suddenly my disability in the Internet became an object object.
I saw clips in line with commons like, "Why amount?
Is it representation?
And my favorite favorite, "The terrorist business.
What disease is it?
We should really hear for her.
And a comment suggested even to add my disability to my curious, gravity, compare, parable.
The disability is as visual as the race.
If someone in the wheelchair of wheels can't do from George, then George can't make some of them in wheelchair side.
The devices are this: Yeah, algorithm, man.
We are the largest minority of the world, and the most support in the world of entertainment.
The doctors say it wouldn't walk, but I'm here in front of you.
However, to have grown with the media media, I don't think it was.
I hope we can create more positive images of disability in media and everyday life.
Maybe if there would be more positive images, that would be less hate in the Internet.
Or maybe not.
Maybe we still need all society to teach our children.
My own journey has led me to very spectacular places.
I was going to walk through the red called the Florida of the Sense Sun Lustiness and the Clobbard Forest Brankes.
I got to act in a movie with Adam Seria and working with my pain, the incredible Martin Mars.
And I remember the world to pull the Arab who are brought flow."
I was defined in representation of the great state of New Jersey in the city of 2008.
And I founded "The kids of Mars, a benefit organization to give children recorded a part of what my parents gave me.
It was the only time my father saw me to act online, and he gave him this talk to his memory.
I had a peace in peace.
I call me Maladum Gandhi, and if I can, you can also can.
I'd like to tell you a story about a small town.
I don't know your name, but I know his story.
It lives in a small village to South Same.
This village is about Male.
It takes it to the small village to poverty and the box of the influence.
No one for him there, it's going to the big city, in this case, Google, the capital of Martin.
When it comes there, there are no opportunities -- there's no opportunities -- no work, no future perspective.
He was living in a car in the city of Monganian wars.
As a year of a year ago, anything.
One day is about a brother -- which is offered to take it back to saving, after to contact, to develop.
I know a group of people who give them a describe.
I got a little bit of money for you to buy new, money to send home, to their family.
They present a young one.
I finally got home.
It starts a new life.
It has a life.
A beautiful day in Mongabia, under a blue sky -- it takes a bomb.
That child of a little town with dreams of the great quality was the suicide terrorism, and that dynamic group of people were the Satura, a terrorist organization connected with the past.
So how do the story of a little town trying to take their dreams in the city end with him support?
He was hope.
I was hoping an opportunity -- waiting to start his future, hoping a future perspective, and this was the first thing that I came up.
This was the first thing that we call the species of "Sea."
And their story is represented in urban centers around the world.
It's the story of the graduates, young urban urban workers who discovered riots in Johnson, discovered riots in London, who look for something beyond the spectrum of "Sea."
For young people, the promise of the city, the great dream of the city is the opportunity of work, of work, but young people don't participate in the prosperity of their cities.
It's often the youth that suffer from the highest rates of selection.
By 2006, three of every five people who live in cities will be less than 18 years.
If we don't include young kids in the growth of our cities, if we don't give them opportunities -- the story of the species of species, the power of access to terrorism -- to the violence, to be the story of the two 2.5.
And in my hometown city, Google, 70 percent of young people is saved.
70 percent doesn't work, it's not going to school.
They don't do anything.
I went back to Galler last month, and I went to visit the Martin Habble, the hospital where I was born.
I remember to be about that hospital hospital to bases, and if I would never have you?"
And if I had seen it forced to be in that same species?
Would I have become terrorism?
I'm not really sure about the answer.
The reason I was in Malentine that month was actually to support a young level in a commercial company.
He went up to about 90 tons summer.
We sat and we had an ideas of ideas about solutions to the big challenges that we face.
One of the young people in the room was Africa.
He went to University University graduates.
I hadn't work, no opportunity.
I remember when he told me, that because it was a graduate college universal, frankly, freedom, was the perfect white for Al State and other terrorist organizations, to be recorded.
They look for people like it.
But this story takes a different way.
In Manicountie, the biggest obstacle to get the point to B is the streets.
Seven years of civil war have destroyed completely the visual system, and a computer can be the easiest way to move.
You see an opportunity and the support.
I started a compassion company.
I started crying molecules to local residents who normally couldn't buy them.
I bought 10 motors, with the help of his family and friends, and his dream is at some time to expand hundreds of engines for the next three years.
Why is this story?
What does this different story?
I think their ability to identify and leverage a new opportunity.
It's the commercial spirit, and I think that the commercial spirit can be the most powerful tool against the spectrum of "Sea."
Fillionate to young people to be the creators of economic opportunities that are looking at so depressed.
And you can train kids to be experimentally.
I want to talk about a young man who attended one of my meetings "Good, Mozart Mountain, a flower.
I was helping some of the young people in the field of commercial initiative and how to be innovative and how to create a cultural initiative culture.
In fact, it's the first flower that Goldan has seen in over 22 years old, and so far, until Monalian came out, if you want flowers for your body, you use it from plastic plants from the extraordinary.
If you ask somebody, "Where was the last time you see the first thing from the third three-dimensional flowers?
For those who grew up during the civil war, the answer would be.
So Mohan saw an opportunity.
I started a company of landscape and flower design.
I created a farm in the outskirts of Manicountie, and he began to grow cultural and literal cultures, who said, could survive the climate calculation of Mong.
And I started the face of flowers for boss, creating geometrically in the homes, and the companies of the city, and now it's working in the creation of the first public park of Golda in 22 years.
There are no public park in Mandaland.
You want to create a space where the families, young people, they can go together, and as he says, smell the private robots.
By the way, he doesn't grow robots because they use a lot of water.
So the first step is inspired to young people, and in that room, the president of Most had a really profound impact in young people.
They never thought about eating a business.
They had thought about working for a NGOs, working for the government, but their story, their innovation, really had a strong impact about them.
I forced them to look at their city as a place of opportunity.
I encouraged them to believe that they could be companies, which might be artists of change.
For the end of the day, they had an innovative solutions for some of the biggest challenges that in front of the biggest challenges that we face.
They had commercial solutions for local problems.
So inspire young people and create a commercial spirit culture is really a big step, but young people need capitalism to make their ideas reality.
They need expertise and orientation to get them in the development and put in market of their business.
They connect young people with the resources that you need to get the support that they need to be able to get the creation to the creation, and create carbon growth for urban growth.
For me, the commercial spirit is something more than to start a business.
It's creating a social impact.
Move is not just selling flowers.
I think it's selling hope.
His park of the peace is how it calls it, when it is created, you transform the way people see their city.
And they go up against children on the street to help you an algorithm and maintain the engines for it.
I gave them the opportunity of the particle of the species of "Sea "preventable?
These young companies are having a tremendous impact in their cities.
So my suggestion is, they turn young people in companies, including and feeding their inherent innovation, and they would have more stories about flowers and Park Parks and "play of "Search" and "play "players?
Thank you.
I was about 10 years old, and I went to attack with my dad in the Adverment mothers, an open area to the state of New York.
It was a beautiful day.
The collective forest.
The sun would make the leaves that are used as a violence, and not to be the way we know, we can almost figure out that we were the first human beings to get that Earth.
We get to our field.
It was a celebration in a restriction with a beautiful, criminal lake when I discovered something terrible.
Behind the Korean was a baby, from about four meters square with health political poles and all the alien career.
And I was angry, I was very angry and incredibly confused.
The fields that were too lazy as to pull out what they had brought up, who thought he was going to clean their baby?
That question followed me, and it was a little bit.
Who cleans our baby?
No matter what you organize or where we make our our baby in States?
Who cleans our trash in Rio or Particle or London?
Here in New York, the Department of Sandal clean our back, to 1980, and two tons of representations and two tons of recent products every day.
I wanted to know as individuals.
I wanted to understand who that work.
What do you feel using the universe and take that card?
So I started a research project with them.
I traveled in the trucks and walk for their treatments and interviewed people in office and institutions around the city, and I learned a lot of interest.
I needed to tell you more.
So I started working as a baby record.
Now I didn't just travel in the trucks. I discovered.
And I opened the mechanical trials and break the snow.
It was a privilege and an amazing learning.
They all ask about smell.
It's there, but it's not as primitive as you believe, and in the days that it's very strong, one is very strong.
It costs a lot to take the weight.
I met people who had worked in it for several years and their bodies continue to get up to the weight of taking about their tons tons of face every week.
It's also the danger.
According with the Library of Station Statistics, the collection of waste is one of the most dangerous features of the country, and I learned the reason.
You're coming out and entering the traffic all day and they go up to you around it.
They only want to stop, so in general, the driver is not paying attention.
That's really bad for the worker.
And also the garbage itself is full of dangerous people who often fall out of the road and make terrible damage.
I also learned about the flower of the baby.
When you get out of the next and you see a city from the part of the road, you get to understand that the trash is like a force of nature.
I never stopped coming up.
It's also like a form of responsibility or critical.
It always must be in movement.
And it's also the station.
It seems to me that the scale is especially ironic because I think that the resources of waste are the most important way in the streets of the city, for three reasons.
It's the earliest public health projects.
If you don't get rid of the waste of efficient form and effective every day, this starts to break out of their continents and their inherent dangers are killed in very real forms.
diseases that we had controlled for decades and centuries come back and start to give you.
The economy needs them.
If we can't get rid of the old time we don't have space for the new thing that the engines of the economy start to fail when it's in danger.
I'm not advocating by capitalism -- just just their relationship.
And then this is what I call our average health speed need.
So I mean just to the speed that we used to move in the country of control.
We usually don't worry about it, we don't know, we clean or we take ourselves our coffee rate, our baby boxes, our water.
We use them, we struggled, we forget them from them, because we know that there is a force force on the other side that will come out of it.
So today I want to take you a couple of ways to think about the reference of waste that maybe help reduce the scale and find them in that conversation about how to design a sustainable and human city.
Her work, I think, is almost science.
They are in the street every day in the street.
They use a uniform in many cities.
You know when you hope.
And their work allows us to do our own.
They're almost a form of lunch.
The flow that keeps us to save us out of ourselves, from our own waste, our departments, and that flow always must stay in a form or another.
A day after 11 percent of September of 2009, I heard the group of a record of representation record in the street, I went back to my small son and I went back to the street of the paper of paper of paper as I did all the microbes.
And I tried to thank you to make his job that day in particular, but I started to cry.
And I looked at me, and he said, "We're going to be good.
We're going to be fine.
Shortly after that, I started researching the responsibility of waste and went back to that man.
It's called Palia, we work together, and we did good friends.
I want to believe that Paul was right.
We're going to be fine.
But in our efforts to recognize the way we exist in this planet as a species we have to include and having all the cost, even the very real human cost of the hand.
The mechanical waste, what we think about the bacteria, represent 30 percent of the amount of waste responses.
It's a remarkable statistics.
So in the flow of their days and their lives, the next thing that you see someone whose work is to clean the face of you, a time to recognize you.
Take a moment to tell you very much.
My work is focused on the connection of thinking about our community life forming part of the environment where architecture is born naturally from conditions and local traditions.
Today brought two recent projects like this.
Both projects are seen in emerging countries, one in Ethiopia.
You also share the fact that the different analysis from different perspectives are becoming a essential part of the end of architecture.
The first example started with an invitation to design a commercial center in the city of Ethiopia, Addes Kiber.
This is the kind of construction that showed us as an example, to my team and me, about what we had to design it.
In the beginning, the first thing I thought was, "I want to go out of the border."
After seeing some of these buildings there are many in the city we realized that there are three important aspects to breathe.
In first, these buildings are almost empty because they have very big shops in which people can't give the luxury to buy things.
Second, you need to use a lot of energy because the research with crystals generates heat in the Internet, so it's necessary a lot of information.
In a city that this shouldn't happen because it's about a temperate cell that goes from 20 to 25 degrees over the year.
And thirdly, his aspect has nothing to do with Africa or with Ethiopia.
It's a little bit transplanted from a particular place in culture and traditions.
In our first visit to Ethiopia, I was really careful with the ancient market that is this structure to the free air where thousands of people, go and buy things every day to small selections.
That's also that idea of using public space to generate external activity.
So I thought, that that was what I really wanted to design, not a commercial center.
But the question was how to build a building model, of several sites, applying these principles.
The next challenge was presented by understanding the site, which is located in an area of a lot of growth of the city, where a lot of the buildings that we now see in the image, they didn't exist.
And it's also between two parallel streets that don't communicate in an extension of hundreds feet.
So the first thing we did was to create a connection between these two street, using all of the contractions of the building.
And this is extremely excited with an infinite stage that creates a space to the free air in the building that you accepted, for its own way, the sun and the rain.
And around this space we have applied the idea of the market with small business, which changes in every floor because of the form of space.
I also thought, how close the building.
I wanted to find a solution that responded to local climate conditions.
And I asked me to think about a similar tissue to a shark to protect the air of the air, and also of the light, but in a philosophical way.
And then we inspired us in these beautiful buttons of the states.
They have properties of fractal geometry and this helped me model the factory.
We are building that with these little pretty small pieces that are the windows that leave the air and light in the inner of the building.
This is completely with these little crystals of colors that use the light of the inner of the building to illuminate the building for the night.
With these ideas that was not easy to convince the development, because they thought, "That's not a commercial center.
But in definition, we all realized that this idea of the market was going to be much more profitable than the commercial center because at end there was more local to sell it.
And then the idea of the factory was a lot more economic -- not only because of the material in comparison with the glass, but also because it was no longer necessary to have air.
So we got certain savings in the budget we use to implement the project.
The first thing was to think about how to achieve energy energy for the building in a city in which electricity is almost almost every day.
So we got a great advantage by putting photographs in the roof.
And then under those panels we think about the roof as a new public space with areas of meeting and barriers that would create this urban objective.
And these parts in the roof, which is in the course collected water for the characters of the inside.
It was expected for the next year, because we go through the course of building building.
The second example is a satellite paradox of 2,000 apartments and services in the city of TED.
And to make a big project, the biggest that I have designed -- I needed not only to understand the city of Tunisia, but also to their environment, their tradition and culture.
During that analysis I put attention in the middle, a service of 100 years of antibiotics that were surrounded by a wall with dozens of the challenges connected for almost recent lines.
When I went to the place, the first operation of design that we did was to take existing streets -- creating 12 similar initial blocks in size and features that there are in Barret and other cities with these parts.
In addition of that, we selected some strategic dots in relation with the idea of independent doors with recent lines, and this involves the initial model.
And the last operation was to think about the cell, the little cell cell of the project, like an essential part of the master plan.
I thought, what would the best organization for an apartment in measure meaning?
And it's North, because it creates a thermal difference between both sides of the house, and so a natural selection.
So we put a scheme that claims that most of the apartments are perfectly forced in that direction.
And this is the result that's almost like a combination of the European block and the Arab town.
It has these blocks with patterns, and then in the bottom plant, we have all the connections for the pathentells.
And it's also responding to local norms, which are a greater density in the upper levels and a less density in the low plant.
And it also reflects this idea of doors.
The roof, which is my favorite space of the project is almost like reduced to the community of the space of the building.
It's where all of the neighbors can go out and support, and make things like a court of two miles a morning, or save a building to another.
These two examples, they have a common approach in the design process.
And also, they're in emerging countries, where you can see cities literally growing.
In these cities, the impact of architecture in the life of people change communities and local economies at the same pace that grow.
So this reason, I see even more important to look at the architecture looking for simple solutions, but assume, that improve the relationship between the community and the environment and that they have to connect nature with people.
Thank you very much.
When I was eight years old, a new girl put our class -- it was as remarkable as you see all the new girls.
I had large very brilliant amounts of hair and a little bunch of leadership, first. It was a strong thing for the capital of the states, very good for a carding of the states.
I ended up that year and I was full of cells, until I had my blood song.
A day I was a time after the school of school sale, I was a little bit later, and I was hiding in the galaxy of girls.
When the cost was developed, he went back in the room of class, I took the table of my master's mountain.
And then I did.
I'm going to add the ratings of my revelation, just a little bit like that.
All of them --  And I was going to get the book to the camera, but to see, some of my other colleagues had very good notes as well.
So in a sentence, it takes the notes around the world, without any imagination.
I put them all tens of Day and myself a picture of this, just for being there, I could.
I still surprised what I did.
I don't understand how the idea.
I don't understand why I felt good.
I felt important.
I don't understand why I never had me.
It was that everything was completely obvious.
I never discovered me.
But most of all, I would tell me the reason I was telling me that this kid, so small, it was so good.
I'm going to introduce me.
They're so mysterious and so fast.
We know that babies suffer from cells.
Also, the privates. The blue birds are very professional.
We know that the cells are the number number of technologies in the U.S.
And yet I've never seen a study that sends the society, or the long duration or the structure.
So you have to go to the fiction, because the clouds are like the lab in that they studied the cells in all their possible forms.
In fact, I don't know if it's an emergency to say that if there were no cells, I would have no literature.
So there was no Hello the infection -- there was no "behind?
There would not be blind area, or a thousand nights."
There was no Shapeness.
They disappear the laws of high school school, because we were losing "The noise and the War, there would no Grandmian or "The West of "Man Kibertainal and "The Kibertain King."
However, there is no protein. I know that it is in a way to say that Protein has the answers for everything, and, in the middle of the cells, almost that you have all of them.
This year is 100 years years of their own story, "The most successful study of sexual skins and also of the ordinary complexity, the mine, all we could have.  And thinking about Protein, we have the mental details, right?
We think about a child trying to select sleep.
We think about a magic male in you of the street.
We forget what that image.
We forget what it is.
I mean, it's about books that Virginia Wolfram said they were as hard as a cat.
I don't know how the cat grandmother, but we assume that it's luck.
Let's see why they go so well together, the novel, and the class, the cells and Protein.
Would it be very obvious as the cells, which will be reduced to the person, to their ways, to their experiments, are a surprising narrative basis base?
I don't know. I think we got very close to the bone, when we think about what happens when we feel class.
When we feel cells, we tell us a story.
A story about other people, and those stories make us feel terrible because they're designed for that, to make us feel bad.
It's going to be the narrative time and audience, we know exactly what detail developed to clear the charge, right?
The cells make us all of us actually, and that is something that I provide it.
Everything that she does to give me pleasure to the other, maybe right now.
And it starts to tell yourself that story, and since then, I proposed it says that every single thing that Sanda is determined in his amazing, which is given to his pressure industry in their private camera.
You have to admit that Sanda and Protein, they were really clear.
You know, the networks of Project would have to leave the country, if they wanted to break with it.
But you don't have to be so blind to recognize that it's a tough job. Right?
The cells are adaptable.
It's a human emotion. You have to feed it.
And how are the streets?
The cells fall out of information.
The cells use the details.
The cells like the big little amounts of hair hair and the book and small speed strands.
The cells fall out of the photos.
That's why I insisted is so successful --   Project stuff is the language of the language of the class.
When Sheller is in their class and suddenly listen behind the doors and break out behind the walls and sure the sense of their bread, then defined those behaviors.
He says, "Look, I know you think this is representation, but it's not different to the interpretation of an ancient text or looking at a movement?
He says, "It's scientific research with real intellectual value.
Problem is trying to demonstrate that the cells look intelligent, and they make us look like an absorbed, but in your mind, they're search of knowledge, sure of the truth, a democracy -- in fact, to the precise of control, how much more pain the truth, the better.
The pain, the humanity, the professional, this was the ones to the Professor of Protein.
He says, "A woman who we need to do, which makes us sure, it comes into us a much more profound feelings and vital than a healthy man that can be interested of.
Are you telling us that we're going to look for creature women.
No. I think it's trying to say that the cells are going to reveal us to ourselves.
And there is some other emotion that makes us open ourselves in this particular way?
Is there any other emotion to make us our research, our horrible ambition and our right?
Any other emotion that taught us to look at a specific intensity so scholation?
Freud writing about this later.
One day, Freud was visited by a very exciting young thing that was consumed with the idea that his wife was able to get it.
And Freud says there was something strange in that man, which was not done in what his wife.
So she was center. Everybody knew it.
The poor creature was low support without any cause.
But he looked for things that did their wife, without giving you, invisible behavior.
Does it sound lots of a man of a man?
Freud says the man was becoming the contract of the unconscious of his wife.
The clouds are very good at this.
The clouds describe very well how the cells do to look at intimacy but without prediction.
In fact, the most interesting cells we are, more we become residents of the fantasy.
And by this reason, I think, the cells take us to make violent or illegal.
The cells are pushing us to share them in entirely imaginary ways.
Now I'm thinking about my case at eight years, I recognize it. But I'm also thinking about this story that I heard about news.
A woman of Michael from 12 years old, was captured to have created a false account in Facebook from which was sent messages and horrible messages to themselves, for a year.
For a year. It was a year.
She was trying to increase the new girlfriend of his girlfriend night. I have to trust that when or this, they react with adult.
Because we are real.
What enormous -- even though unfortunately, creativity. Right?
It's like the next one.
Like a novel.
High is one of my favorites.
She's a very strange character of American literature.
It's the authority of Toming in a Transparence and "The Talk True. Geological, books that try to how the cells, trust our minds, and once we are in the sphere in the sphere, in the kingdom of the cells, the membrane that separates what it might be, can be perfect in a moment.
Let's take Tom Revice, his most famous character.
Tom Revice is going to be able to stay or want what you have to spread out of your being, and to be able to be able to be able to be able to get your name, it takes your name, it takes your billions, it takes your banks of bank.
It's a way.
But what do we do? We can't take the Roustan Rependentic.
I can't give you all the world, as much as you want to do it.
It's a student, because we live in time.
We live in time times.
I mean, we are good cities of social networks, where the currency is the event? Right?
The clouds show us the life? I'm not sure.
So we're going to do what the characters are always doing when they're not sure, when they're in a mystery.
We're going to go back to 1955 from David Street, and we asked by Select Home.
When people think about Hollywood, think of the male in the Martin Protein, that criminal generation.
But I've always lost a pressure of Secretary Secretary, the chief face of Singalo Nation who needed to Halley Desparate, needs the genome of Hollywood, but he starts.
Oh, I was so family.
It needs their help, but the answer, and bubble with an arm in the every one of the mystery.
But as you work together, something starts to change, and finally in "The Texas of the six News, once Hollywood to all with his solution, West back to Hollywood and says, "We're not cell, Mr. Hollywood.
We're proud of you.
And he says there is no person in Silicon Nation that I wouldn't want to translate the hand.
It's one of the few times we see Homo transported in history. It looks like this very exciting -- that scene is also mysterious -- right?
It seems to treat the cells like a geometry problem, without emotion.
You know, in a minute Holly is the opposite side of Desert.
The next one is the same side.
Suddenly Islam is allowed to take that idea of being it.
Could it still be so simple.
What happens if the cells are really a kind of geometry, just a question of where we allow us to be in relation with the other?
Well, maybe we don't have to get rid of the emergency of the other.
We can focus out with her.
But I like to like the control plans.
So as we hope that that happens, we remember that we have the fiction for constructions.
Just the science define the cells.
The fiction just makes the metals -- I invited them to the table.
And you look at what the audience, the Sea surface, the Sauda Tom Revisive, the Single Stan Protein.
We're in excellent company.
Thank you.
We used to solve large problems.
The 21 percent of 1980s, Bubbat Alberta came out outside the sea sea of the Apollo 11 and described about the Martin Mart.
Armstrong and Alberta were alone, but his presence in the upper surface was the moon of a conventional collective process.
The Earth program was the biggest movement in time in the U.S. history.
To get to the moon, NASA spend about 100 billion dollars today, or four percent of the federal budget.
The Australia was working to about 400 people and asked the collaboration of 20,000 companies, college and agencies of government.
They died people, including the transportation of the Apollo one.
But before the presence programmer program, 24 men traveled to the moon.
Doctor was walking on his surface, which announced by the death of Arthom last year, is now the oldest one.
So why were they?
They didn't get a lot of flight, 38 pounds of old rocks, and something that 24 shows later, a new sense of the small and the frame of our common home.
Why were they? The clinical answer is that they were because President Kennedy wanted to demonstrate the Soviet solutions, that this nation had better contractive.
But the words of Kenya in the University of Richard in 1969, give us a better idea.
John F. Kenya, some wonder, why workers?
Why is our objective objective?
And you can also wonder, why is the highest mountain movie?
35 years ago, why is the absolute on Alexanda?
Why is it Richard against Texas."
Let's go to the moon.
Let's go to the moon.
We choose to go to the moon in this decade, and do other things, not because they're simple, but because they're difficult.
Jason Pressure: For the contracts, the Alexand was not only a video of the West on the Cold War.
In the time, the most strong emotion was the most strong emotion of the power of the technology.
They were because it was great to do it.
The land in the moon happened in a very long context.
The first half of the 20th century produced the assembly line and the plane, the penguin and the vaccine for the tracks.
In the middle of the century, you eradicate the political and committed the virus.
The technology seemed to do what Alexander California in 1980 called a activity of absolute?
For most of the history of humanity, we couldn't go faster than a horse, or a ball with view, but in 1969, the track of the Apollo 10 fly to 40,000 miles or hour.
Since 1994, no human being back to the moon.
No one has traveled faster than the 1950s transportation, and the optimistic joy about the power of technology has gone up to see that the problems that we imagine that technology is going to be a clean energy, create the cancer, or feed the world population seem to be useless.
I remember to see the Apple 17 planet.
I was five years old, and my mother told me that I don't look at the state of state calculate called Sing Saturn.
I knew that this would be the last mission mission, but I was completely sure that I was going to see the colonies in Mars.
So that one of us happened to our ability to solve problems with technology, has become a common place.
We hear it all the time.
We've heard it for the last two days here, at TED.
It seems like the technologies had been designed and they had been engaged with trivial, things like iPhone, applications and social networks, or algorithms that they accelerate the automated window.
There is nothing bad in most of these things.
They have expanded and increased our lives.
But they don't solve the big problems of humanity.
What happened?
There is a partial explanation in Silicon Valley, which trust that they have created less ambitious companies than the years that were funded international, Microsoft and George.
Silicon Valley says that markets are the climate, in contrast, the incentives that the risk capitalism comes to companies.
Silicon Valley says that the risk investment would be changed the creation of transformation ideas by the funding of incredible problems or even false problems.
But I don't think this explanation.
He explained more in Silicon Valley.
Even when the risks capitalism were in their local point without worrying about the risk, they prefer small investments that you could go out in 10 years.
The C. they've always had problems to invest with benefits in technologies like energy, which needs a huge capital, and what development is at long planet. They have never invested in the development development to solve large problems because they don't have an immediate commercial value.
No, the reasons we can't solve the big problems are more complicated and deep and profound.
Sometimes, we choose not to solve the big problems.
We could go to Mars if we want.
NASA even designed a plan.
But going to Mars would require a political decision that was popular -- and that would never happen.
We don't go back to Mars because everyone thinks there are more important things to do on Earth.
Sometimes we can't solve the big problems because the political systems fail up.
Today, less than two percent of the global energy consumption comes from sources of renewable energy sources like solar and the block of the two percent, and the reason is completely economic.
The coal and natural gas are more baby than solar and electric energy, and oil is cheaper than the biologically.
We want enough energy sources that can be compared in price.
Now, the technologies, the entrepreneurs and economists are suddenly about what politicians and international traditions will increase the development of an alternative energy, really, a significant increase in research and energy development, and some kind of control control of the carbon price.
But there is no hope in the current political climate climate of the U.S. energy or international traditions that reflect that context.
Sometimes the great problems that seem technology, it turns out not to be.
We know about a time that females are result of the failure in the food.
But 30 years of research have taught us that females are political crisis that affect the food distribution.
The technology can improve things like things or systems and systems for food and lack of food -- but there will be females while there are bad governments.
And finally, the big problems in times complete a solution because we don't understand the problem.
The Nigerian President will tell you the war in 1997, but soon we found that there are many types of cancer, some perfectly resistant types of cancer, and only in the last 10 years, they seem to have found effective treatments and viable treatments and viable treatments to have found effective treatments and viable treatments and viable treatments to have found effective treatment.
The hard problems are difficult.
It's not true that we couldn't solve the problems with technology.
We can and we have, but these four elements have to be presentations, political leaders, and the population must want to solve the problem: institutions have to support the solution. It should be really about a technological problem.
The School mission has become something like a metaphor for the ability of technology to solve large problems, which is full with those creatures.
But it's a growing model in the future.
We're not in 1988.
There is no blood competition as in the Cold War, there's no policy like John Kennely who break the difficult and the dangerous machine, and there's no popular mythology of science science as an exploring solar system.
In general, going to the moon was simple.
I was just three days.
And really, I didn't even solve any problem.
We're just in our present, and the solutions of the future will be harder to get it.
God knows that we don't get the challenges.
Thank you very much.
Well, I'm going to talk about the trust -- and I'm going to start reading the benefits of general ideas that you have about trust.
They are so common that have become climate of our society.
I think they're three.
The first one is a record, there has been a great decline of trust, is a very general belief of construction.
The second is an objective, we should have more confidence.
And the third is a table, we should recognize the conversation.
I think the record, the goal and the task has been wrong.
What I'm going to try to tell you today is a different story about a recognition, an objective and a task, which I think gives you a more clear idea about the issue.
First of all, why people think that trust has discovered?
And if I think about the base of my own evidence, I don't know the answer.
I was uncomfortable to think that it can have been done in some activities or institutions and that could have increased in others.
I don't have it clear.
But I can go back to the opinion of opinion and the opinion polls are constantly the source of the belief that the trust has depention.
When you look at the opinion polls over time, there's not many evidence of it.
That is to say, the people who described 20 years ago, mainly democracy and political and policy -- they continue to inspire the same describe.
And the people who were very reliable about 20 years ago, they're still quite constantly, grades, serious.
The rest is in the middle, and by the way, the average city of the street is almost exactly half a way.
But is this enough evidence.
What the blood opinion polls are, of course, opinion.
What else can you recognition?
What you look at is the genetic activities that people are doing some questions.
Do I trust the politicians in the magnetics?
Now, if someone would ask you in the reductions?
Do you trust the phones?
Do you trust the physical metals?
You probably start to wonder, "How do you do what?
And that would be a very simple answer.
And you could say, when you tell your question, "Well, I trust some of them, but in other note?
What's very rational.
In definition, in real life, we tend to challenge the trust differently.
We don't know that the level of confidence we're going to feel for a kind of distributed kind of open, functional or kind of person, it's going to be uniform in all cases.
I could say, for example, to say that I trust a kind of primary teacher that I know to give the kind of leadership, but in any way to drive the school muscle.
After all, I could know that it was not a good describe.
I could trust my most crazy friend to maintain a conversation, but no, maybe to get a secret.
simple.
And if we've got those evidence in our everyday lives in the way that trust is different, why do we leave all that knowledge when we think about the trust in more abstract way?
I think the polls are very bad tools to measure the real level of real trust -- because they try to open the good presentation in the fact to trust something or somebody.
Second, what happens with the objective?
The goal is to have more confidence.
And frankly, I think it's a stupid goal.
It's not that goal that I would follow.
I would try to have more confidence in which it's measure measure, but not what it is.
In definition, I'm a part of not trust what it's not constantly.
And I think that those people who decided their savings with the very unfortunate algorithm called Mr. Maladum, who then disappeared with them, think of them, and I think, well, yes, were too constantly.
Being more trust is not an intelligent goal in this life.
We trust depression or need with intelligence, that's the right target.
Once you say it, you say, yes, very worth that means that what matters in the first place is not the conversation, but the conversation.
What it's about to do is to make a judgment about how reliable people are the people in detector ways.
And I think to be able to do a trial, we're forced to focus on three things.
Are they complex? Are you how many? Are you responsibility?
And if we find that one person is component in personal materials, and it's responsible and honest, then we have a very good reason to trust it in it, because it's going to be worthy of confidence.
But if, by the contrary, they're not responsible to be able to trust them.
I have friends who are consistent and honest, but I don't trust them to bring a letter to the body, because they're grade.
I have friends who are very sure that you can do certain things, but I see that they underestimate their own consequences.
And I'm glad to say that I think I don't have a lot of friends that are competing and responsible but extremely and extremely destroyed.
If you look like this, I still haven't lost me.
But that's what we're looking for -- trust it before you trust it.
The trust is the answer.
The connection is what we have to play.
And of course, it's difficult.
In the last decades, we have tried to build research systems for all kinds of institutions, professionals and so that they would make us easier the task to play their conversation.
Many of those systems have had the opposite effect.
They don't work as they should.
I remember once I was talking with a party and told me, "Well, you see, the problem is that takes more time to make the administration of the attack of the part.
And we found the same problem in all of our public life and institutional life, that the research system that is destined to guarantee the connection and the consumer testing, actually is doing the opposite.
What they do is to sacrifice the work of people who have to make hard tasks, like the parts, excited that they will break the bases, as we say.
I sure you all know examples similar examples.
All of that, by the target.
I think that the goal should be more confidence, and that things would be more different if we try to be worthy worthy and we're going to bring them to the people that we are confident, and if we try to determine whether other people, functions or politicians are worthy of trust.
It's not easy -- it's the screen, the simple actions, the attitudes -- what you don't do right now.
Third, the task.
I'll call the task to rebuild the conference, puts things at the area.
I suggested that you and I should rebuild the conversation.
Well, we can do it with ourselves.
We can rebuild a little bit.
We can do it if they're two people, together, trying to improve the conversation.
But the conference, in definition, is different, because we get the other people.
You can't rebuild what other people have given you.
You've got to give you enough enough for you to trust you.
You've got to be worthy of trust.
And that, of course, is because you can't be an open, because of all people, all the time.
But you need to make sure evidence that you're worthy of confidence.
How do you do it?
That is done in a daily -- everywhere, it makes the common people, the function, the institutions, very effective.
I'll give you a simple commercial example.
The store where I bought my career says that I can get them without giving you exceptions.
I took them and give me the money, or you change them by the color that I want.
That is study. I trust them because they become vulnerable to me.
I think there's a great lesson in that.
If you become vulnerable to the other part, that's a very good proof that you are worthy of trust and you have trust what you're saying.
So at the end, I think that what we're pointing is not something very difficult to build.
In what people trust is in relationships, and in that framework, they can determine when and how the other person is worthy of trust.
Thank you.
From the comments of computers we have come up to reduce the separation between us and digital information, the separation between our material world and the world of the screen in which the imagination can be described.
This separation has been represent, increasingly and more and more, as a time that today is less than a month, the mirror of a typical screen -- and the power of the computer has become accessible to everyone.
But I ask me, and if there was no back?
I started to imagine how it would be.
First, I created this tool that is in the digital space, so when the strong opposite against the screen takes their physical body to perfect personal bodies.
designers can maximize their ideas directly in 3D, and surgeons can practice with virtual organs below the screen.
So with this tool become the barriers.
But the two hands stay still below the screen.
How do you get the interior and interact with digital information using all the destroying distribution?
In the discovery of Microbiants applications of Microsoft, along with my mind Callel Booker, I reduced the computer and transforms a small space on a digital area of work.
By combining a transportation view with professional cameras to detect the fingers and the face, you can now bring the hands of the keyboard, get the inside of the 3D space, and open pictures directly with hands.
As the windows and researchers have a location in real space, select them is as easy as to get a book of a party.
You can get the book and restore lines, or words with the virtual technical sensor that there is below every single screen.
The architects can take or cut their machines directly with the hands.
In these examples, we put ourselves in the digital world.
And if we invest the paper, and we make digital information comes to us?
You know, a lot of us will have bought and developed things by the Internet.
Now that doesn't have to worry.
What I have here is a virtual protect by the Internet.
This is the vision that you get from a moving device in the head or transparency when the system understands the geometry of your body.
If we take this idea later, I thought, instead of just seeing pictures in space, how can we make them physical that we can put them and feel them?
How would a future like this?
In the Middle Media of MIT, with my House Histake Shark and my collaborator Leader Postol, we created this only physical picture.
So this cosmic animal is behavior as a bird in 3D in space, which means that as much the computer as users can move the object anywhere in this little three-dimensional space.
So what we did was the gravity of the gravity and control the movement through a magic relative, mechanical action and descendants.
And when we program the object of the time and space, what you want to say that human movements can go and go back and stay for always in the physical world.
You can teach drugs physically and distance and the famous size of Michael Jordan can be represented as a physical reality that we want.
The students can use it as tools to understand complicated concepts like the world of planets, physics, and, unlike the models or the text books, this is an actual experience and perfect that you can play and feel.
But what's most fascinating to change the physical part of the computer is to imagine how to program the world is going to change our everyday physical activities.
As you see, the digital information will not only show us something but to begin to act directly about us as part of the physical world that surrounds us without that we have to get rid of our world.
We started the talk today talking about a baby, but if we suppress that barrier -- the only limit that is our imagination.
Thank you.
I was trained to become migration for two years in Hunner, China, in the 1970s.
When I was in the first grade, the government wanted to take a school for attention with all the peaceful steps.
But my mother says, "No."
My parents wanted me to become engineering, like them.
After the cultural Revolution, they create very much that there was only a close path to happiness, a safe job and good.
No matter if the job would like or not.
But my dream was to be a chart of China.
This was me, in my imaginary piano.
A singing singer should begin to train from very young to learn the access, so I tried everything I could try to go to school school.
Until I wrote the director of school and the president of a radio program.
But no adult gave you the idea.
No adult took me seriously.
Just my friends were allowed, but they were kids, no authority like me.
So the age of 15 years old, I knew that it was too much more to train.
My dream will never be done.
Sadly, that during the rest of my life a security happiness was the only thing that I could expect.
And this was so incredibly.
So I used to look for another volume.
No one would I want to teach you?" Okay.
I remember books.
"Are the Common Common Charage "The Harvard History History -- I got to America in 1999, and what was the first books that he here?
The ones who were banned in China, of course.
"The Great Earth is about Chinese camera life.
And it's not preventional production.
The Bible is interesting.
That's a theme for another day.
But the team management for me was a relatively, "Hey to your father and your mother."
"Hey, I said, "It's so different, and much better than I will be about?
And so it became my tool to go out of this building call and to reduce the relationship with my parents.
The encounter with a new culture also gave me place to my shared leadership.
Bring a lot of perspective.
For example, at the beginning, this map seemed to me out of place, because this is what students in China learn.
I had ever occurred me, that China didn't have to be in the center of the world.
A map involves the perspective of people.
The comparison is not something new.
It's a common practice in the academic world.
There are to fields of research as compassion and comparable literature.
compare and contract, it offers the activities a deeper understanding of a issue.
And I thought that if the comparable leadership worked to research, why not do it also in the everyday life?
So I started reading books.
You can try for people "Black Francisco of Maladach School Dan Anderson: who were involved in a same subject, or friends with shared experiences.
For the crisis, the techniques are economic and political and specifically.
For the Buddha are all psychology, full, fear and the social self-study.
If you know another language, it's also fun to read your favorite books in two languages.
"The way of Charlie Turked Thomas Manhattan in place to stay in traditional traditional, I found that you can win.
For example, it's through the translation that I realized that definition in Chinese literally means "play?
And "I started in China, literally means new mother."
The books gave me a magical door to connect with people from the past and the present.
I know that I will not go back to sit up or pretty much.
It will have a serious dream that's really nothing compared with what many others have suffering.
I've come to believe that the reality is not the only purpose of a dream.
His most important purpose is connecting with the place of the dreams, where the dreams, where the passion comes on, where the happiness.
It can do that for you.
And it's because of the books, which today I'm here, happy, living again with purpose and clearly, most of the time.
So the books are always allowed.
Thank you.
Thank you.
When I was in my 2009, I saw my first center of psychology.
I was a physical student in Central psychology, in Berkey.
She was a 24-year-old woman called Afghanistan.
Alex went back to the first session using goals and a hole to heart, I was going to be in the side of my office was stuck up the shoes and told me that I wanted to talk about their problems with men.
When I heard this, I felt so flowing.
My class of class had a picture like the first clinic.
And I got a sense that I wanted to talk about men.
I thought I could handle it.
But I didn't do it.
With the Chinese stories that Alex takes me easier just to move the head while we went back to solution.
"The trains are the new sense, he said, "American, and so I saw her, she was right.
You start working later, you have children later, until death happens later.
For teenagers like Alex and I had a time of standard.
But a little bit later, my surface asked me to introduce Germany who would talk about their loving life.
I was responding.
I said, "Well, it's going on with kind of the challenges under your car, you care with a health head, but it's not as if it was going to marry with him."
And then my surface said, "I don't know, but maybe you get married with the next time.
Also, the best time to work in the Atlantic marriage is before you care.
This is what psychologists call a "New" moment.
It was when I realized that the three are not the new percent.
Yeah, people feel head after what was used, but this didn't make the 20 percent of Germany were a parachute in their development.
This made the 20 percent of Germany were the perfect moment and we were developing it.
And then I realized that this kind of cool genome was a real problem, and I had real consequences -- not only for Germany and his loved life, but for the roads, the families and the forest tubes of all sides.
There are 50 million advantages in the United States, today.
This means 15 percent of the population, or 100 percent if you consider that no one comes to the adult without going on before the two.
Raise your hand if you're in your 20.
I want to see the advantages here.
Oh yeah, they're amazing.
If you work with selections, love to a sense, you take the dream a selection, I want to see -- it's good. It's amazing.
This is not just my opinion. These are the facts.
We know that 80 percent of the key moments in life are going to be 35 years old.
And this means that eight of every 10 decisions and experiments and the moment "Hey -- that give them shape to your life would have gone to when they have 30 and so much.
People from over 40 -- they don't get in school.
This audience is going to be okay, I think.
We know that the first 10 years of a race have an exponential impact about the amount of money to win.
We know that more than half Americans are married, live or they're going on with their future for the 30 years.
We know that the brain ended up their second and final stage of growth in their 20 and represent for the adult, which means that if there is something they want to change themselves, now it's time to change it.
We know that the personality changes more times for their 20 than in any other time of life, and we know that the female fertility comes to the 2980s, and things become complicated to 35.
The 20 are the time to educate about their body and their choices.
When we think about the child development, we all know that the first five years are crucial for language and weight in the brain.
It's a moment in which their daily life and common has an impact in the person who will be created.
But what we don't hear with frequency is that there's something called adult development and our 20 are a critical moment in the adult development.
But this is not what viruses are listening.
The newspapers talk about changes in the line of the advertising.
The researchers called the age of the early 20 an unexpected answer.
The journalists are called reduce names as "Stories and "Starts."
It's true.
As culture, we've considered a trivial, which is actually the decade that defines the adult.
Leonardo News said that to get great things, you need a plan and not enough time.
Isn't it?
What do you think happens when you give them a picture in your head and tell you, "You have another 10 years to start your life?
It doesn't happen.
They stole it to that person sense of profit and his ambition and it doesn't happen absolutely anything.
And then all of the day, smart senses, interesting as you or your kids and daughters come to my office and say something like this: "I know that my girlfriend is not good for me, but this relationship doesn't know. I'm just killing time.
Or they say, "All say that while you start a race before the 30 -- everything will be fine.
But then it starts to sound something like this: "My 20 are for started and I still have nothing to show you.
I had better curve the day I graduated me from the university.
And then it starts to sound something like this: "My quotes for the 20 were like the game game.
They are all running and fun, but then in some time around the 1980s, you care the music and everyone started to feel.
I didn't want to be the only one who was standing on, so sometimes I think I married my husband because he was the nearest chair when I was 30.
Where are the blood selections here?
Don't do that.
Well, that sounds a little bit extreme -- but they don't work, risks are very high.
When you leave a lot of things for the 1980s, there is a huge pressure to the sadness and so many of you start a career, choose a city, to choose a wall, and having two or three children in a much more short period of time.
A lot of these things are not complicated, and there are researchers that start to show you, which is much more difficult and interesting to do all over once to three.
The crisis of the average age is not about buying red challenges.
It's about realize you can't have the career you want to do now.
You realize you can't have the child you want now, or you can't give you a brother to your child.
A lot of tools and careers look at themselves, and to me, sitting on the room, and they talk about their 20, "What was it thinking?
I want to change what viruses are doing and thinking.
Here's a story of how it might be.
It's a story about a woman called Emmigian.
At 25, Tim came to my office because I was in their own words, having a concept of identity.
He said I'd like to work in art or interaction, but I still couldn't decide, so I spent the last few years working as a message.
As I was more frankly, I lived with a girlfriend that showed more temperature than ambigual.
And despite living about two very difficult -- their life life had been even more difficult.
It was often freedomental in our senses, but then she was left to say, "You don't choose his family, but can choose their friends.
Well, one day Emmiger came up his head on his legs and cry for almost every hour.
I had just bought a new freedom for direction, and he had spent all the morning to put it with her many contacts -- but then you were looking at the empty space that followed after the words "I have come after the words "I go after the words of emergency -- please called the financial camera.
I was about the story of history when I saw me and said, "Who is going to be for me if I have a subjective accident.
Who is going to tell me if you know?
At that moment, I got a lot of job to resist and not say, "Oh me."
What Tim needed was not a therapy that really would be worried about.
Except needed a better life, and I knew that this was his opportunity.
I had learned a lot since I was working with Germany as a way to sit up as the next decade of Tim last first.
So for the next weeks and months, I told Tim three things that all of the sense, man or woman, it means to know.
First of all, I said to Tim that will come out of that identity of identity, and I would get care of identity.
For identity, I mean to do something that add value to their person.
Make something that is an investment.
I didn't know the future of the Emmission of Emmigratic, and nobody knows the future of work, but I know about this: capital.
So now it's the moment for that work of another side of the country, from that interviewer, of that company that you want to try to.
I'm not destroying the green exploration, I'm destroying the exploration that I shouldn't tell you, that by the way, it's not exploration.
It's protection.
I told Tim to explore jobs and I would tell them.
Second, I told myself that urban tribes are surprised.
The best friends are excellent to bring back to the airport, but the faces that are together with friends with similar minds are limited in the time who you know, how you think about it, how you think about it, how they talk about it, and where they work.
That new piece of capital, that new person who would be almost coming out of their closest circle.
The new things come out of what they call young friends of friends of their friends.
Yeah, half the advantages have a bad job or don't have work.
But the other half night, and the weak ties are the form of color to this group.
The half of the working jobs are never published, then you know the boss of your neighbor is the way to get a job work.
It's not making trage. It's the science of how information is happening.
Finally, but not less important, Tim believed that you don't choose your family, but I know your friends.
This was true when I was growing up, but as a sense, Tim soon to choose his family -- when I had a piece of paracy, and it was his own family.
I told Tim that time to choose his family had come up.
Maybe you think that 30 is better age to feel head that 20 or even 25 and I agree with you.
But to choose the person that you live now or costs now when everyone in Facebook starts to walk up to the avatar is not progress.
The best time to work in your marriage is before you have, and that involves being so important in love as you're in the job.
You can choose your family to be a conscious choice of who and what you want instead of just doing it to work or kill time with who it is that it is that you get it to you.
So what happened with ExGreelian?
Well, we got that direction, and she found the company of a first one who worked in a art museum in another state.
This weak sun helped him get a job there.
That open job gave him a reason to leave the girlfriend that I lived in.
Now, five years later, it's a special organization of events.
This house with a man who chose constantly.
I love his new career, I love his new family, and I sent me a letter that he said, "Now the spaces of emergency contact are not enough great.
The History story can be easy, but that's what I love to work with selections.
It's very easy to help you.
The advantages are like planes that come out of the airport of Los Angeles, which goes somewhere from the West.
Just before the leader, a slight line in his trajectory does the difference between African or Fina.
In the same way, in the age of 25 or to 25 and even the '90s, a good conversation, a good television -- a good TED Talk can have huge effects in the next years or even in the following generations.
Here's my idea that I was able to divide all the advantages that you know.
It's as simple as what I learned to tell you.
It's what I have the privilege to tell you to engineers like Emmiger every day, the transfers are not the new 20 percent, they collect their adult, they get their weak selections, they go to your family.
They don't let you define what they didn't know or what they didn't do.
They're defined their life today.
Thank you.
When I was 27 years old, I left a very exciting job in a really exciting job for a job that was even more exception.
I went to teach them mathematics to graduate support in New York.
And as any teacher, I applied tests and tests.
I give you tools.
When the job comes back, I calculated the grades.
What I called me the attention was that the Chinese was not the only difference between my best and my worst students.
Some of the people who had a better design didn't have a little bit of contract particles.
Some of my most smart kids were not getting so good.
And that led me to think.
The kind of things that you need to learn in math materials, safe, are difficult, protections, the area of a paradigm.
But these concepts are not impossible and was very convinced that every one of my students could learn the lesson if they worked hard and for the enough time.
After several years of decenting, I got to the conclusion that what we need in education is a better understanding of students and learning from a production perspective, from a psychological perspective.
In education, the only thing we know how to measure a better way.
Is it the Chinese, but what if you have success in school and life depends in much more than the ability to learn in a quick and easy way.
So I left the classrooms and went to college to become psychology.
I started studying kids and adults in all sorts of challenges and in every study my question was, who has success here and why?
My research team and I went to the Michael West Sense.
We try to predict what cities are going to stay in the military training and who will be returned.
We went to the National National City Constration, and we try to predict what kids will be more possible in competition.
We studied neuroscience teachers working in really difficult neighborhoods, asking questions what teachers are still teaching for the end of the school year and those who will be the most effective to improve the results of their students.
We associate with private companies, asking questions, what about these lines are going to keep their job of work?
And who is going to make more money?
In all of those very different contexts, it emerged a feature as an important prediction of success.
And it wasn't social intelligence.
It was not the good approach, the physical health and wasn't the China.
It was definition.
The determination is passion and personality to get very long play.
The determination is to have resistance.
The determination is to go to your future, day after day, not only for the week, not only for the month, but for years and working really hard to make that future a reality.
The determination is living life as if it was a market, not a race to all speed.
A few years ago, I started studying the determination in the public school schools.
I asked thousands of high school students that were doing my detection teams, and then wait around a year to see who they were freeze.
It turns out that children with more determination had significantly greater likely creativity, even when you exercise them in every particular that I could measure, things like family income, even the security that felt kids when they were in school.
So it's not only in West Pain or in the National National City Constration in which the determine is -- it's also in school, especially for children in risk of it.
For me, the most important thing about determines is the little thing that we know, the little thing that you know science about their development.
Every day, parents and teachers ask me, "How developed the determination in the children?
What should I do to teach children a kind of work touches?
How do I keep them motivated for the long planet?
The most honest answer is, I don't know.  What I know is that the talent doesn't give them decision.
Our data shows very clearly that there are many talented individuals that are simply not coming ahead with their companies.
In fact, in our data, the common determination is not related or is even related to the mass of the talent media.
Until now, the best idea I've heard about developing the determination in kids is something called the growth meaning?
This is an idea developed in the University University by Carber Deception, and it's the belief that the ability to learn is not financially, that it can change with the effort.
Dr. Daniel has shown that when kids read and learn about the brain and how it changes and grows in response to the challenge, they're much more likely to perceive when they fail it, because they don't believe that that fail is a permanent condition.
So the growth of growth is a great idea to develop decisions.
But we need more.
And that's where I finished my speech, because that's where we are.
That's the work that we have on the front.
We need to take our best ideas, our most strong, and we need to try them.
We need to measure if they have been successful and we have to be willing to fail, to get them wrong, to start all again with the lessons learned.
In other words, we need to be determined about making our kids to be more detecting.
Thank you.
I grew up in Tanzania as a graduate daughter, one of my most terrifying memories is my mother showing the beauty and the shape of the Chinese career.
Since that moment, I was wonderful for this incredible language.
But for an extraordinary, it seems to be as awesome as the Great Christmas Chris.
In the last few years, I've been wondering if I can describe this mall, so that you want to understand and appreciate the beauty of this language self-study can do it.
I started thinking about how a new method of learning Chinese could be useful.
Since I was five years old, I began to learn how to draw every one of the tricks of every character in the right sequence.
I learned new characters every day for the next 15 years.
Since we only have five minutes, it's better than we do it in a faster and simple way.
A Chinese academic understands 20 thousand characters.
You only need a thousand to understand the basic alphabet.
The first 200 will allow you to understand 40 percent of the basic literature, which is enough to read signs of treatment, and response -- understanding the basic idea of the Web pages or the newspapers to understand the basic idea of the Web pages or the newspapers to understand the basic idea of the Web pages or the newspapers to understand the basic idea of the Web pages or
Today I start with eight to show you how the method works.
Are you ready?
They open their mouth as much as it is possible until it's face.
They get a mouth.
This is a person that's going to give a happen.
Person.
If the shape of the fire is a person with arms in both sides -- as if I was screaming in fracture, "So I'm like? This symbol actually is original in the form of the call, but I like to believe that it's the other way.
This is a tree.
I tree.
This is a mountain.
The sun.
The moon.
The symbol of the door looks like a couple of doors from a song in the old West.
I call radical to these eight characters.
They are building blocks to create many more characters.
One person.
If someone walks back, that's "Work?
As the ancient said, two are company, three are community.
If one person would be your arm, this person is saying, "It was like this.
The person in the mouth, the person is allowed.
It's a prisoner -- as you like John inside the galaxy.
A tree is a tree, two trees together, we have a forest.
Three trees together, we also have the forest.
They put a taboo under the tree, we have the films.
They put a mouth on the tree, that's a biological."  Except to remember, because a partial tree is pretty surface.
Remember the future?
Two blocks together, it's very hot.
Three blocks together, that's a lot of calls.
They put the fire under the two trees, that's coming.
For us, the sun is the source of prosperity.
Two sounds together, I think.
Three together, those are the same.
They put the sun and the moon the moon together, that's the brand.
It also means tomorrow, after one day and a night.
The sun goes on the horizon. They arrest.
A door. They put a table inside the door, is the oil of the door.
They put a mouth inside the door, ask questions.
No, there's someone in home?
This person is coming out of a door, pregnant, eventually.
On the left, we have a woman.
Two women together, they're discovery.
Three women together, they have care is an adult.
So we've already spent about 30 characters.
By using this method -- the first eight eight to allow them to build 33.
The next group of eight characters will build another 33.
So with every small effort, they will be able to learn a couple hundred hundred cards, which is the same thing that you learn a 95 years old.
So after knowing the cards, we began to create French.
For example, the mountain and the fire together, we have a film of fire. It's a fly.
We know that Japan.
This is a Sun control with the origin because Japan.
So a sun together to the origin -- we created Japan.
One person behind Japan, what do we have?
A Japanese person.
The character on the left is two mountains on the other.
In the ancient China, that means in experimentally, because the Chinese entrepreneurs developed their political enemies beyond the mountains.
Today, the existence has become going on.
A mouth that tells you where you go out is a surface.
This is a slide to remember that I should stop talking and get out of the stage. Thank you.
What I prefer to be peace is the movies that I came to see.
I love to share my favorite movies with my children, when my daughter was four years old, we saw the gold game together.
The movie made his imagination for months.
His favorite character was Glass, of course.
He gave him a good excuse to use a brilliant dress and take a magical variable.
But when you see that movie so many times, you get to understand that it's remarkable.
We now live and create our children in a kind of information of the informal favorite schools.
However, the game map was an answer in itself.
I didn't start that trend.
The tendency really took a fourth years later, contract, another film whose protections, a metal girl and a female girl represented a girl of the enemy.
You know what I'm talking about?  Yeah.
There is a great difference between these two films, there is a couple of great differences between the extra magazine and all the movies we see today.
One is that there's very little violence in the Ox magic.
The monkeys are quite aggressive as the members.
But I think that if the Rio map is doing today, the magic would say, "Does, you're the side of Rio as the teacher did it.
You use magical shoes to tackle the cheepasses generated by computer male.
But that's not what happens.
Another one one of the sort of girl is that the most heroic characters and even windows are women.
I began to notice this when I did Star Wall to my daughter, a few years later, and the situation was different.
At that moment, I had a child.
Just three years.
It was not invited the projection because it was still very small for that.
But it was the second son, and the level of survival had gone down.  So he was sitting on the room and he was able to be introduced as a mother partners, and I don't think he would understand what happened, but definitely absorbed everything.
I wonder what it was.
Would it be kind of value, perfect and make self-study?
Would you have the sense that Lull is a miles to break the government?
We share this with the October 1950s.
How did I win.
Make good girls with everyone and being a leadership.
It's the kind of world in which I want my kids to grow Obama, okay? And not a world of men who fight them, which is where we are.
Why is there so much capital capable, force in the movies for our children, and so little of the yellow blues of the yellow blue?
There is a lot of literature about the impact of magic violence in girls, and they should read it. It's very good.
I've never read so much about how kids react to this situation.
I know for experience that President Leone doesn't propose the right framework that had been served to navigate the world of adults which is microbe.  I think that at the time of the first baby, I really hope that the beliefs start to be able to be able to be the end of the film, right?
My search has finished, I have snow.
Why are you still standing there?
I don't know what I should do.
The movies are focusing out to cut up the fly and get their reward, and they don't leave time for other relationships or other advances.
It's almost like being a kid, you have to be a tough animal, and if you're a girl, you have to use a war suit.
There are many exceptions and defend the pressures of Disney to any of you.
But they send a message to children, even though them, the kids are not really their objective audience.
They make a fundamental job to teach girls how to defend against the paraction, but they don't necessarily show kids how to defend the pattern.
There is no model for them.
We also have some great women who write new stories for our children, as real and library as Hebrelland and Kangerians, but they don't stop being movies of war.
Of course, the most successful theme of all the time is going to be kind of kind of kind of kind of kind of kind of kind of kind of kind of kind of kind of kind of kind of classic -- every one of them about the adventures of a child or a man, or two men who are freedoment, or a man who created a child.
Until many of you are thinking, this year, finally came up.
And I recommend all of you. It's already available in store.
Do you remember what critical said was where she was going from?
I can't believe that Eight has made a movie of a prison.
It's very good. They don't let them stop them.
Well, almost none of these movies comes up the Republe test.
I don't know if you've heard about this.
There hasn't been roots and you can get protected, but maybe we start a movement.
Alamana Basketball is a common discovery, and in the middle years, I recorded a conversation that had had with a friend of the movies that they saw.
And it's very simple. There are only three questions you have to do -- in the film, there is more than a female character that has lives?
So you have to take the resource.
These women talk to each one of the movie?
Their conversations are about something more part of the girl that so much like it?  Okay?  Thank you so much.
Two women that exist and talk about things between that.
So. I've seen it, and yet I really really see it in the movie we know and love.
In fact, this week, I went to see a very good quality, Orange.
Right? Robes of San success, an idea of understanding what a movie of Hollywood states.
Basically, it's not the test of Bell.
And I don't think that you should, because a lot of the film, I don't know if you've seen it, a lot of the movie happens in a pregnant where men and women are hiding for the crisis of the breathe.
We have many kinds of men who have deep conversations and pain conversations in this trial, and it's the great time for one of the actors to get a look at the door and say, you see the bed card?
This is Hollywood.
So we started in the numbers.
In 2011, of the 100 more popular films, how many of them think they have female protections?
Okay. It's not bad.
It's not the same percentage that the number of women we've chosen recently for Congress, then it's good.
But there's a larger number that this is going to depend this room.
Last year, the New York Times published a study that the government had done.
This is what he said.
In the United States, one of five women says that it's been sexually removed once in their life.
I don't think that it is the magnetic entertainment.
I don't think the movies for kids have something to do with that.
I don't think that the videos of music or oil are highly view, but something goes wrong, and when I hear that statistics -- one of the things that I think is there is a lot of sexual graduates.
Who are those kinds of sorts? What are those guys?
What do you have to learn.
Are you attacking the story that says that the role of a male hero is to be destroyed by violence with violence and then cutting the reward, which is a woman who doesn't have friends and not it?
Is we adaptive that story?
You know, as a father with the privilege of raising a daughter like those of you who are doing the same thing, we find this world and this very exciting statistics and we want to prepare them.
We have tools to our device as a pollination of people, and we hope that it helps you, but I have to ask you to ask you to be able to protect you whether at the same time, an active to our children to keep their male power of maker?
I mean, I think the list of New News is a way to do something really important, and here I really mean the parents.
I think we have to show our children a new definition of mother.
The definition of capitalism is changing.
You would have read about how the new economy is changing the role of the home and the algorithm.
Everything is changing.
When I asked my daughter, what was his favorite character of Star Wars know what you know?
OK.
King Kenne and Glas.
What do you have in common?
Maybe it's not just the brilliant sense.
I think they're experts.
I think these are the two people in those movies that you know more than anything, and you love to share their knowledge with other people to help them achieve their potential.
They are leaders.
I like that kind of stories for my daughter, and I like that kind of stories for my son.
I want more stories like that.
I want less stories in which I say to my son, see and struggle and more stories where you see that their work is to join a team, perhaps a team left for women, to help other people to improve and be better people, like the excele of Earth.
Thank you.
As a kid, I lived in Maine and one of the things that I would like was to look for sea gas in the mountains of Maine because my parents told me that I would give me luck.
But you know, it's hard to find these cancer.
They're covered colors, and it's hard to see them.
However, over time, I was used to look at them.
I began to see ways and patterns that help me to convince them.
This became a passion for finding things, in a love for the past and the architecture.
And finally when I started studying psychology, I realized that I was able to see my own eyes was not enough.
Because, suddenly in Egypt, my small beach in Maine had grown one of almost 1,000 miles a time to the Nigeria.
And my sea cookies.
This is really what led me to use satellite images.
To try to make a map of the past, I knew that I had to see in another way.
I want to show you an example of how different we see the infrared individual.
This is a place in the original line of Egypt called Benevie.
And the place, at simple view, seems to be market, but when we use the infrared and we process it using false color, suddenly the place looks like brand robot.
What you're seeing is the real chemical changes of the landscape made by building materials and the activities of the ancient economics.
I want to share with you how we use satellite data to find an ancient Egyptian city, called The State for thousands of years.
She was the capital of the ancient Egypt for more than 400 years ago in a period of time called the Middle Image about 400 years ago.
The place is published in the Fanol, Egypt and it's really important because in the Middle East, there was this big relationship of ancient Egyptian art, architecture and religion.
The Egyptians have always known that Step was going on somewhere near the dimensions of the two areas that they built, indicators inside the red circles here, but in some place inside this huge plant plant.
This area is huge. It's about 15 percent per time.
Before the child flows right next to the side of The Earth and as it changed over time, it takes this and covered all the city.
So how do you find a security city in an extraordinary landscape.
I'm trying to find it back to the sugar would be the equivalent to look for a needle in a paradox, with the eyes sold and using great biologists.
So we use NASA DNA data to make a map of the place, with very subtle changes.
We were able to see where the Night.
But you can see more detail, and it's even more interesting, this king area that you see within the circle here, which we think could be the action of Stan.
So we collaborated with Egyptian scientists doing search jobs, you can see it here.
And when I say start, it's like the sample tasks in ice, but instead of climate change, we look for human cooperation.
Five meters down, under a group of a group of all, we found a kind of capability of carding objects.
This means that in this possible light of Sara, five feet down, we have a layer of activity of several hundreds of years that give from the Middle Image, exactly the same period that we think is Street.
We also find the word work, correctly, and gas, which shows that there was an open sea.
And this might seem like it's not a lot, but when we think about the most common stones used in the Middle Image, these are the stones that are used.
So we have a layer of information that give the Middle East in this place.
We also have evidence of a list of life that shows that what has been there, was a very important city.
We don't find The Essential here, but we'll go back to the place in a nearby future to fix it.
And even more important, we have the resources to enable young girls in the use of satellite technology so that they can also make large discoveries.
I want to end with my favorite quote of the Middle East, probably was written in Stan 400 years ago.
So sharing knowledge is most of the volumes.
There is nothing like that.
So I mean, TED was not founded in 1984.
It made the ideas that were actually going on in 1984, to C. in a very lost city not for a long time and found from the high.
It certainly puts the pursuit of marine cancer self-selection.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
I want to invite you to raise your eyes.
Imagine in front of the door, front of the door.
I want you to pay attention to the door, the material that's done.
Now they visualize a group of obese organs in biology.
They are competing in a cloud of bike biologists and they're going to be discovery to its street door.
I need you to see this really.
They are losing strong, they're supply, they're going to be a lot.
And they take the front of his house.
There are biological biologists flying all over the parts, networks that go to their side of the wheels that end up in abstract places.
On the lobby, the paradox, or what there is the other side of the door, and you look at the quality of light. The white light on the Manchellen Montala.
It's helping them with the hand.
From his chair on a brown horse.
It's a horse.
You can feel your blue ball making them on the nose.
You can smell the sand bank and countries that are about to stay in the mouth.
They pay for one side and train his room to be.
In the room, and doing a lot of your imagination, imagine Britain Serensites.
It's with a little back, dancing on his center table, singing "The God More More More More.
Now let's look at the kitchen.
The soil has been incarcerated with a yellow friends and from the honor come to you Dock, the Hong man, the Sands and the Learn Magac of the goals, coming back to you.
Okay. Open the eyes.
I mean, I want to tell you about a peculiar course that is taken up every one in New York.
It's called the United States.
I went to cover this event a few years ago as a synthetic journalist, waiting up, I suppose, that this was like the end of a sea support.
There were several men and a few days of different ages and different amounts of manager.
They were a hundred hundred numbers of random numbers, looking at a time.
They measured the names of tens and tens of strange tens of strange.
They deserve external poems in just minutes.
They compete to see who I could memorize more quickly the order of a back of the games.
And I thought, "This is amazing.
These people have to be phenomena.
And I started talking with some of the companies.
This is a man called Ed Common who had come from England and that has one of the best states.
I said, "Hey, when you realize you were a salating?
He said, "I'm not a sale.
Actually, I have a average memory.
All of us who participate from this competition say they have normal memory.
"We have been trained to do these miracle acts of memory using some ancient techniques -- invented 250 years ago in Greece, the same techniques that I used City to memorize their speech, and that the medieval academics used to memorize entire books.
And my reaction was, "Oh, how did I have heard this before?
We were standing outside of the room of competition and Ed, who is a wonderful English and brilliant English -- even though a little extraordinary, he said, "Oh, you're an American presentation.
Do you know Britain Searches" know?
And I said, "What? No, why?
Because I would like to teach Brian Serial how to memorize the order in a live bank, in national TV.
That would try to the world that anybody can do it."
And I said, "Well, I'm not Britain Seconds, but maybe you can teach me.
Or do you have to start for something right?
And that was the beginning of a very strange journey for me.
I ended up the most part of the next year, not only training my memory, but also researching -- trying to understand how it works, why sometimes it doesn't work, and what it can be your potential.
I met a lot of really interesting people.
This is a man called E.
He's absolutely, very likely with the worst memory in the world.
His memory was so bad that I didn't even remember that I had a memory problem, it's amazing.
Any incredibly tragic -- but it was a window that allows us to see how our memory is doing us who we are.
In the other end of the spectrum I met this man.
This is Kim People. In her bread for the paper of Harvard Hollywood in the movie "The Man Man."
We spent a afternoon together in the public Lake City, memory the telescope -- it was celebrated.
And when you go back, I got a number of treating the memory written about two years ago in the land, in Antarctica, and then in the Middle East.
And I learned a lot of interesting things.
One of the most interesting things that I learned is that there was a time in that this idea of having this kind of memory memory and discovery and curious was not a bad thing as it can stay today.
A lot of time, people invest in their memory to provide their minds.
These techniques have done our modern world, but they've also changed us.
They have changed us cultural, and I would say that they have changed it too.
As we almost have no need to remember, sometimes it seems like we have forgotten how to do it.
One of the last places in our planet where you still find people who are passionate by this idea of an interconnected memory and discovery and curious is this competition of memory.
It's actually not so single -- there are competition like this around the world.
I was fascinating, I wanted to know how these people.
A few years ago, a group of researchers in London invited a group of memory memories, to the lab.
Do you want to know it has brains in a way, structure or adaptable or a different ability of the rest of us?
The answer was, no.
Are it more smart than the rest of it?
They gave them a cognitive story, and the answer was actually not.
There was yet yet a really interesting and significant difference between the brains of memory fields and the control tubes that they buy.
When they put them in a magnetic resonance machine, they picked up their brains as memories and faces and forms of snow comes -- found that in memory fields are called parts of the brain, different to others.
In effect, they used, or they seem to use a part of the brain that involves space and negative.
Why? Is there something we can learn from this?
The motor of competitive memory is maked as a armed career in where every year comes up with a new way to remember more things, faster, and then the rest of computers have to get the day.
This is my friend Ben France, three times a memory.
In his desk -- in front of it, there are 35 banks of unknown sands that he is about to try to memory in a hour, using a technique that he invented and just he died.
He uses a similar technique to memorize the precise order of 144 dialogue biological dialogues.
In a half hour. Yeah.
And as there is a lot of ways to remember things in these companies, absolutely all the techniques used at the end of the end are reduced to a single concept that psychologists called a relative computer?
It was used with an elephant paradigmation known like the paradox paradox, "Hey says the following: I say to two people who remember the same word, I tell you. Remember there is a man called Basketball."
That's his photograph.
And then I asked them, "You remember that there's a "broad "say."
And when I returned later, and I ask you to remember that word, I told you a rate?
Remember what was it?
The person was told that his name is Baseballon is a little bit likely that I remember the same word that the person told her job is "broad?
The same word, different ability -- that's weird.
What happens here?
Well, the name Banda, actually doesn't mean nothing for you.
With all of the other memories they dance for his head.
But the word, "Hey, we know panames.
They use white hat.
They have died in the hands.
They go back when they go home to work.
We probably know some paradox.
And when we hear that word for the first time, we began to put mathematical agencies to prepare them happily in some side moment.
One of the most exciting techniques to do this data about 250 years ago in the ancient Greece.
It's known as the memory of memory?
The story says this: There was a poem called Sings who attended a bank.
They had considered it as an entertainment because before, if you wanted to give a very good party, it doesn't take a David, you hired a poetry.
He came out of foot, I received his memory poem, and he was market, and so soon it was a bread, the room of the bank is collectively.
Make them everyone.
But I don't just kill them all of all, but he destroyed the bodies to give them remarkable.
No one could say who was there, nobody could remember where they were sitting on.
So they couldn't get the bodies.
A tragedy behind the other.
So Lines, standing outside, only survival, in the middle of the writers, close the eyes and realized that with the eyes of his mind, I could see where I had been sitting every invention.
I took the families in the hand to take them back to where they were their loved beings between writing.
What Einstein landed at that moment is something that we all know more or less incredibly, and it is that no matter if we are not good to remember names or numbers or worker institutions or words for words of our colleagues, we have visual memory.
If you ask me to be the first 10 words of the story that I just tell you about Limina, it's very likely to do it very hard to do it.
But I would expect that if you ask them to say who was sitting on the horse screen standard in his lobby, they would be able to visualize it.
The idea of memory map is to create this building with the eyes of your mind and it will be able to be able to be remembered with the things that you want to remember -- the more crazy and straightforward and activity is the image, more investment to be.
This is a advice that comes from over 200 years old, to the first media treaty of memory.
And how does it work?
So let's say you have been invited to the TED stage to give a talk and want to do it of memory -- in the same way that there would be Careful if you would have invented TED two years ago.
What they could do is imagine you're in the door of your house.
And I will have some kind of incredible image of an absolutely ridiculous image, crazy and individually to help you remember that the first thing you want to mention is that completely unusual competition.
And then you can imagine entering your house, and you can see the Monta Google move about Mimmic E.C.
And that reminded you that they want to introduce your friend Ed Corce.
And then you see Brian Seria to remind you that very funny anecdote that you want to tell you.
And then they go into the kitchen, and the fourth theme that you would talk to be that strange journey that they did for an entire year, and they have some friends.
So this is like the robotic arms memory their speech, not word for words, which is going to trust them, but typical by typical to the teacher.
In fact, the technical term comes from the grandmother grades, which means "Land" mean?
It's a research of when people think about the orchestra and the rest with this kind of space terms.
The phrase for the first place, it would be like the first place in its memory.
I saw that this was just fascinating, and I got back in that.
I went to some of these memory companies, and I had the idea of writing something extremely about this culture of competitive markets.
But there was a problem.
The problem was that a memory competition is a particularly boring event.
In fact, it's like looking at a lot of people sitting extremely -- I mean, that the most exciting thing that happens is when someone is killed the front.
I'm a journalist, and I need to write about something.
I know there are amazing things happening in the minds of these people, but I don't have access.
I realized that if I was going to tell this story, I needed to try to put it in his place.
So I started going 15 or 20 minutes every morning, before I was going to see the New York Times, just trying to remember something.
Maybe a poem, or the names of an ancient school water compared in a public market.
And I discovered that this was really entrepreneuring.
I'd ever expected that it was.
It was an air, because it was not just trying to train memory.
What it's actually about doing is to improve every time the ability to create and imagine these local images, climate images, crimis, individuals, and individual time, in the eye of mind.
I was pretty much with this.
This is me, using my team standard training for memory competition.
It's a couple of sheep and a bunch of security galaxies with tape just two holes, because the distribution is the worst enemy of a memory company.
I ended back to the same course that I had covered a year before. I had the idea that it could be investigate, in a kind of participatory experimental experiment.
I thought that this could be a good power for all my research.
The problem was that the experiment came out of control.
And I got the consumer, something that I didn't have to happen.
Of course it's a little bit of complete power of democratic and terrorism numbers, and you look at companies, but actually this is not the point.
These are so track.
Because they're based in pretty basic principles about how the brain works.
And it's not necessary that they're going to be able to build maps of memory or memory baby bases to benefit with a little bit of perspective about how your mind.
With frequency we talk about people with a big memory as if it would be an infinite day, but it's not the case.
The big memory are exploration.
At the most basic level, we remember when we pay attention.
We remember when we focus up.
The map of memory, these memory techniques are just adaptable.
In fact, they're not even a real challenge.
They work because they make sure we work.
They would find a kind of deep process -- a kind of complete attention that most of us didn't go ahead of running around there.
But the reality is that there's no adaptable.
So this is how things make memory.
And if there's something that I want to leave you today is what I want to leave you today is what Either, the amazing that I couldn't even remember that I had a memory problem, I left me, which is the notion that life is the sum of our memories.
How many of us are willing to lose what our short existence is in the Blacks or iPhone, not paying attention to the human being in front of us, who walk to our side -- we're going to be so hospital that we don't even bother move in protection?
I learned in the first hand that there are incredible memory care care in all of us.
But if you want to live a memory life, you have to be the kind of person who remember remember.
Thank you.
Today I'm going to talk about the last 30 years of architecture.
It's a lot to cover in 18 minutes.
It's a complex topic, so we're going to be a complex place, New Jersey place.
Because 30 years ago, I am from New Sea, I was six years old, and lived there in home of my parents in a village called Lineous and this was my child diagnosis.
In the corner, from my death, I was the bathroom I shared with my sister.
And between my death and the bathroom, there was a balance that was going to the room to be.
And there all walks the rat looking at the theater, so every time I went out of my room to the bathroom, they all looked at me, and every time I did it and went back into a table, you all see me.
And I was like that.
It was a corporate, inspired and hated it.
I hated that record, hated that battle, hated that room and that house.
That's the architecture.
Listen.
Those feelings, those emotions that I feel, that is the power of architecture, because architecture is not about mathematics -- not about materials, but of those visual connections, which we feel in the places we have.
And it's not about strange that we feel like that way, because suddenly with the National Progress Agency -- the Americans spend 90 percent of their time under the roof.
Or it is, 90 percent of the time, we're surrounded by architecture.
That's a lot.
The architecture determines us in ways we don't even realize it.
That makes us a little bit very exciting and very, very predictable.
This means that when you show you a building like this, I know what you get everywhere, think about "play," "Story and democracy?
And I know that you think about it in a building building about 250 years ago for free.
This is a trick.
It's a depression that uses architects to create a emotional connection with the ways we build our buildings.
It's an emotional emotional connection, we have used this trick for a lot of time.
We use it about 200 years to build.
We use it in the 19th century to build art.
And in the 20th century, we use it to build home.
You see, these stable soldiers, sounds, front of the sea of the elements.
This is very, very useful because building things is terrified.
It's expensive, it takes a long time and it's very complicated.
The people who build the bubbles and governments are always afraid to innovation, and they prefer to use ways you know they're going to work.
So we find buildings like this.
It's a nice building.
It's the public Library of Lineous who ended in 2004, in my natural city, and, you know, has a called, has this representation, and you have this representation, collective, red blue, which let you find out what Lineous tries to communicate with this building.
But it doesn't have a lot to see with a library today.
That same year, in 2004, at the other side of the country, is finished another biology, which is like this.
It's in Seattle.
This library shows how we use media media in the digital era.
It's a new kind of public equipment for the city, a place to breathe, reading and share.
So how is possible that in the same year, in the same country, two buildings, both biologically, are that completely different?
And the answer is that architecture works in the beginning of the pollen.
In one side is innovation, the architects that constantly provide new technologies, new schools, new solutions for the current life forms of life.
We survive, we started and we provide so much of the people.
All of black, this allows us to feel very well, but we're dead for inside because we don't have another option.
We have to go back to the other side and back to connect with those appropriate symbols.
So we do it, and we are all happy, but we feel like tracks, so we started to experience again, we do to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to go back to the last 100 years, over and again.
Well, 30 years ago, we went out of the 1970s.
The architects were busy experiencing with the broken description.
It has to do with the honor.
That can be advanced.
Virtual windows in scale.
Something really hard.
So we go back to 80 and we started to incorporate those symbols.
We push the power again.
We take those ways we know that you like and we do it.
We were born and adapted and we use new materials.
I love it.
We don't give you.
We take China travels, and we turn them into representations, which can be mobile charges made of glass.
The forms were based, they won in authority and color.
The ancestors became cells.
The kids grew up to the size of buildings.
A light.
But they were the 1980s, that was great.
We all spend the challenge in commercial centers, we moved to the neighborhoods, and there in the suburbs, we can create our own architectural fantasy.
Those factors could be to meat to the medical, or the plant.
It's probably with a contract condition.
This is what happens with photographical.
This is what happens with symbols.
They are easy, they are bases, because instead of creating new spaces, we remember some other places.
I know very well, and you all know that this is not the Total.
This is G.
The architects feel frustrated and we started to make the power again.
In the 1980s, and in the early '90s, we started to experience with the democratic development.
We have a lot of historical symbols now we have new design techniques per computer, and we find them with new consequences -- some ways that are star against other forms.
This is academic and exciting -- and it's sure it is surely, you have completely excited.
Now, normally, the dark power again in opposite direction.
But then something amazing happened.
In 1999, it was increased this building.
It's the Biological Geographic of France George.
This building changed fundamentally the relationship of the world with architecture.
Paul Goldan said that Biological was one of those weird moments when creatures, academic and public and generally agree about a building.
The New York Times called this biological construction.
The tumor in Biological emerged in 200 percent when they finished the building.
So suddenly everybody wants one of those buildings, Los Angeles, Secret, Chicago, New York, Selecter, Serian New.
Everybody wants one, and George was everywhere.
He was our first star architecture.
But how is it possible that these forms, wild and rational, how are it possible to become ubiquitous around the world?
And it happened, because media became the media of them, and quickly we learned that those forms are and surgeons.
We've created a emotional reaction with these forms.
The same thing made the main calculations of the world.
So everyone believed that if they had these forms, they had culture and surgeons.
This phenomenon of the new mycelium started with other stars.
He went to God and Liberal, and what happened with these few air architects in the threshold of the new millennium, actually started to spend the speed of information consumption of information.
Think for example, for example, how they make architecture.
A thousand years ago, they would have to have walked up to the next town to see a building.
The transportation is about -- you can take a boat, a plane, you can be surface.
The appropriate technology, you can see in the newspapers, in the table, and at the end, we are all protection professionals, and the building is transported beyond their physical location.
The architecture is everywhere. That means that the speed of communities finally has reached the speed of architecture.
Because architecture gets so fast.
It's not a long time to think about a building.
You need a lot of time to build a building, three or four years old, and in that time, an architect can design two, eight, or 100 buildings more, before you know that you know about four years ago it was a success or not.
Because there has never been good feedback in architecture.
That's how we find buildings like this.
The surgeon was not a two years old, but 20 years old.
For 20 years, we were building buildings like this because we didn't have no idea how much they did.
That's never going to go back to happen. I think, because we're in the threshold of the biggest revolution in architecture from the interviewer of the ant or the access, and it's the revolution.
My theory is that when you apply the price to media media -- it starts to engage every time faster, until you get to be in both extreme extremely simple, and the difference between innovation between innovation, between us, the architects, and you, the public.
We can now make symbols almost institution, with emotional charge of something completely new.
I'm going to teach you how the system works in a project that my company ended up.
We were trained to solve this building that was invented.
This is the center of a village called pages in France, in the state of New York.
It's a community community.
But that means that two years before the building, was already part of the community -- and as the drawings looked exactly to the finished product, there was no surprise.
The building was going to be part of the community. That first summer, when people began to get and shared it in social media -- the building stopped being a building environment, because these are not only pictures of a building, they are the images that you did from the building.
And as you use them to tell your story, they become part of the personal narrative -- and that makes corrections with collective memory -- and when we charge these symbols, we learn.
So we don't need the Greeks to tell us how to think about architecture.
We can tell us how we think about architecture, because the digital media have not only changed the relationship between us, but they have changed the relationship between us and buildings.
Think about a second in those library biomedicals.
If that building would be built today, we first go to the Internet.
We would be bombarded with examples of experience, of innovation, about what a library.
That's moving.
Movements that can take the mayor of Lineous to the people of Lineously, and tell you that there's no unique answer to what a library is today.
We're part of this.
This abundance of solutions gives the freedom of experience.
Everything is different now.
The architects are already not those mysterious creatures that use wonderful words and complicated dinosaurs, and one is no longer an unknown public that doesn't have seen before.
The architects can listen to you, and you don't have to imagine the architecture.
That means that the amazing page of one style to another, from a movement to another, is irrelevant.
In fact, we can go ahead and find solutions to the problems that facing society.
This is the end of the history of architecture, and it means that building buildings will be very different to the buildings today.
And this means that a public space in the ancient city can be unique and adapted to the measure of a modern city.
This means that a stadium in Brooklyn, can be that, a stadium in Brooklyn, and not a bad historical mapping historical male in ideas of what a stadium should be.
This means that a few robots could build our buildings, because we finally are ready for the ways they are going to produce it.
That means that buildings are familiar to the products of nature and not the opposite.
This means that a state of statistic in Michael Brother, which can also serve to make sports or for gold, or even one can marry there in the night.
This means that three architects can be born with radiation in the New York City of New York, and you will take half a million dollars of the unit community in the edge of that cause.
It means no building is too small for innovation, like this little bit of legs, so multiple and fiber as animals are going to look at you.
Because no matter if it's a cow or a robot who builds our buildings.
It doesn't matter how we build, what matters is what we build.
The architects you know how to make more ecological buildings, more smart and more yellow.
We've been hoping that everyone wants them.
Finally, we're not in the opposite side.
They find an architect, and we work together to make better buildings, better cities, for a better world, because there's a lot of play.
The buildings not only reflect our society, but they give them way to the smallest spaces, the local librarians -- the homes where we form our children, and the step of death to the bathroom.
Thank you very much.
This is my surface, Steve.
I had just been a year and he started walking.
And it does it in that big way, typical of children in a year, as if your body was moving too fast for their legs.
It's totally predictable.
And one of the things that you like to do at the time is to look at the mirror.
She really loves his clock.
It goes up and stream, and it goes to yourself those big, big challenges.
It's beautiful.
And amazingly, all of his friends do this and my mom tells me that I used to do it, and he made me thinking, "When about doing this?
How is we suddenly not like our electronics?
Because, apparently, we don't like it.
Every month, 10,000 people are looking at Google."
This is Facebook -- it's 12 years old, and it lives in Denmen.
And as any teenager -- just want to be happy and finding.
It's discovered by night.
It's prepared for next week in school.
It has a little bit of fear, it's a little bit confused because, despite your mom tells you all the rat that is beautiful, every day in school, someone says it is ugly.
And what his mom tells him and what their friends, or colors of school tell you, doesn't know who to believe.
So a video of it, I put it in Politic, and he asked others that please leave a common common. I'm a bit of a field?
Well, until now, Facebook has received over 10,000 commons.
Some of these are so distance, which doesn't even deserve the penis thinking about them.
So we talk about a healthy sea, normal and core, which gets these answers in one of the most vulnerable life stages.
Thousands of people are published videos like this, in their most teenage girls trying to communicate this way.
But what is it going to do this?
Well, the teenagers today are almost never alone.
They are under pressure of being in line and available all the time, talking to me, to talk to me, completely, public -- they never finished it.
Never before we have been so connected in a continuous way, so young.
As a mother told me, "It's like a party in your fourth every night.
There is just no privacy.
And the social pressures that go out of the hand with that are almost impression.
This environment is always connected to our children to supply the number of "I like that they have and the kinds of comments they get.
There is no division between a life in line and real life.
It's really difficult to know the differences between what is real or what is not.
And also, it's very difficult to know the difference between what is authentic and what it's managed.
What is the most detailed thing in the life of someone who is normal in a daily contact?
And where are the information?
Well, you can see the kind of images that are protected from the news of girls now.
Movements are still driving our shoes.
The technical technique is now a rule.
And trends like Duthane, Darwin, Brazil and surface.
For those who have you the self-self-self-self-s school means protection.
These trends are associated from women in the popular culture of today.
It's not hard to see what young young people.
But kids are not immune to this.
It's like the search stars of the sport, and the remarkable remains of the search.
But what is the problem with all this?
Well, we really want our kids to grow healthy and be individual individuals.
But in a culture of obsessed by the image, we're teaching our kids to spend more time and mental effort to their appearance to the price of all other aspects of their identity.
Things like their relationships, the development of their physical skills, their studies and other aspects begin to sleep.
Six of every 10 girls prefer not to do something because they think that you don't see enough enough.
These are not trivial activity.
These are fundamental activities for their growth as human beings, and as contractive to society and the labor development.
Eighty percent, almost one of three teenagers are not interested in the class of class -- they are going to participate in the classroom debate because they don't want to call the attention for your physical aspect of it.
One of five are not holding class class for the days when you don't feel comfortable about it.
And in the temperature season, if you don't think you see enough enough, especially if you don't think you are enough enough to the average of your companies who don't worry about that of the approach.
And this phenomenon has generated in Finland, United States and China.
And it gets independent than what these young people.
So so so so that it comes out of clear, we're talking about as you see you, not about how you're right.
The blood subjective on their body is destroying the academic performance.
And it's also preventional health.
The teenagers with a little bit less physical activity, eat less fruits and vegetables, participate in more different children that can bring them to a food debate.
They have low solution.
They are more easily influenced by the people that surround them and are in more depression.
And we think that this is why they make more dramatic decisions, like the car consumption and drugs, distributed diabetes, aesthetic surgery, sexual relationships to early ages and without protection and dance dance.
The pursuit of the perfect body is paying the health system, and our government costs thousands of millions dollars every year.
And we're not controlling it.
Women who believe that they have tissue surface, regardless of whether they have or they don't have more assumptions of analogy.
The 17 percent of women don't present a job interview in a day that they don't feel safe with the way you see it.
Think about a moment of what this is doing to our economy.
If we could overcome this, what would that opportunity?
Raise this potential is in interest for each of us.
But how do we do that?
Well, talking about it, it doesn't take you very far.
Not as well.
If you really want to change things, you have to do something.
And we've learned that there are three key forms -- the first one is that we have to find trust trust in their own body.
We need to help our teenagers to develop strategies to overcome the pressure of perfect images and build their solutions.
The good news is that there are many programs available to do it.
The bad news is that most of these don't work.
I was very surprised when I learned that many very intense programs, no way to realize the situation.
So we need to make sure that the program that follow our children will not only have a positive impact but also a durable impact.
And research studies show that the best programs are focused in six key areas -- the first one is the influence of family, friends and relationships.
These six aspects are very crucial parts for anyone to provide an education in body authority that works.
One education is fundamental -- but you face this problem requires from each one of us that we take the risks in the use, and we are a better model to follow women and girls in our own lives.
By destroying the current status of how women are seen and mentioned in our circles.
It's not good to tell you with the accumulation of our politicians in the weight corporations or the size of their fish, or to figure out that the determination or the success of an Olympic attack depends the fact that it's not a great beauty.
We need to start to judge people for what they are, not as you see.
We all can start doing the responsibility by the kind of images and comments that we published in our social networks.
We can choose people based on their effort and their actions and not in their appearance.
And let me ask you -- when it was the last time you had a sky, a sky?
In short, we need to work together as communities, like governments and as companies, to change our culture, so that our kids are growing up value all their person, value the individual, the diversity, the including.
We need to put people who are really making the difference in a photographer.
To make a difference in the real world, we make that they are the ones that go out in the big screen because we just create a different world.
A world in where our children are free to become the best version of themselves, where the way they think you see that they are never going to be who they are or to reach what they want in their lives.
Think about what this can mean for someone in their lives.
Who have in mind?
Is it going to your wife.
Is your sister?
Is your daughter?
You know?
Could it be just the woman that is to two distributes of distance -- what would it mean for it if it was freedom of that authority voice in your inner -- which is encouraged for no longer to have long legs -- a more piece of plant, more small feet films."
What is it going to mean for it if we were going to take this and we would look at your own potential of that way?
Right now, the observation of our culture with the images with the images is holding us.
But let's teach our children the truth.
Let's show you that the way you see is just a part of your identity, and that the truth is that we love them for those who are and so they do it, and for us to feel.
We increase the authority in our schools.
We change each of us, the way we talk about and compared with other people.
And we work together as a community, from small groups to governments, so that the small travel of a year of age, are become agents of safe changes in itself.
Let's do that.
The five of November 1990s, a lady called ELL to name a hotel in Manhattan and killed the Rean Galan Learn.
In order to increase the innocent decade, but being presented by other biggest cards, in company of others, they started planning attacks.
For luck those plans were frustrated by an FBI information.
Sadly, the bomb. </s> in the World Trade Center, you couldn't avoid it.
More late to do it would be connected by their participation in that device.
Elland is my father.
I was born in Pinistria, Pennsylvania, in 1969, being a school engineer, with an American mother and a friend of primary school -- between the two made all the possible to give me a happy child.
Just when I was seven years old, our family started to change.
My father taught me a form of Islam, that very few -- even most of the Muslims -- they get to know.
For experience I saw that when people take time to interact -- it doesn't require a lot to get the same things in life.
However, in all religion, in all human groups, there are always a little fraction of people who are so absorbed to their conversations that think that you have to use all the possible media so that everyone lived like them.
A few months before the rest he sat with me and explained that in the last early weekends of week, he and some friends, had been going to train training in Long Island to practice.
He told me that I would go with him the next day.
We got to the sea political pathology, that without knowing our group, was raped by FBI.
And when I took me up, my father helped me hold the gift in the man and explained me how to put the goal to about 30 feet.
That day, with the last battle that I was going to be given to the small orange light on the goal and to surprise, especially more, all of the goal in the beach.
My uncle went back to the other and in Arabic, he said "The word "the word?
As a parent, a child.
All of all, the comment gives them a lot of years later I understood what they seemed so much.
They saw in me, the same level of destruction that my father could happen.
Those people later would be connected by putting a gift with 700 pounds of examples in the northern Trade of the World Trade Center, causing an explosion that killed six people and made to another 10.
I admire those men.
I called them "middle?
When I was 1940, I had already moved 20 times. That instability for my childhood didn't let me make a lot of friends.
Every time I started to feel comfortable about someone was time to empathy and go to another city.
As I was always my new face of the class with friction of materials.
I had a secret to avoid to be the white -- but to be the new of the class, silence and representation, was enough machine.
So most of the time the last time in house reading books, watching TV or playing games.
And for these reasons I didn't develop social skills, to tell you something -- to grow down for factory, not prepared for the real world.
I was excited to play the people, with based on artistic indicators like their race or their religion.
So how could I open your eyes.
One of the first experiences that they put up to test my way of thinking, was during the presidential elections of 2000.
In a private program in which participants in the National National Convention, in Facebook.
My group was focused on the theme of youth violence -- as I had been a material victim of my life, was something that I felt a lot of passion.
The members of this group came out of different processes.
One day, at the end of the conversation, I discovered that one of the kids who had done a friend of a family, was graduate.
I took a number of days to go out to the light this detail and realized that there was no animals between the two.
I had never had a Jewish friend and frankly, I felt very proud to be able to sell the barrier that all life had made me believe it was single.
Another crucial moment emerged when I got a summer job in Bush Garden, a park.
I found people from all sorts of beliefs and cultures. That experience was fundamental in the development of my face.
All of life had taught me that the substances was a fish and, by extinction, all of the humans were bad influence.
Fortunately, I had the opportunity to work with success actors there, in a school, and I could see that several of them were the most friendly and less critical that I had seen in life.
There was been a kid, developed a sense of empathy to the suffering of the others, but it was not easy to me to try to be bread, exactly in the way I would have been treated to be treated.
So I could tell the stories that had taught me from child with the experience of interaction in real life.
I don't know how to be success, but I know what is being grateful by something beyond my control.
Then he came up the Dange Shapen."
All night, John Strange made me be incredibly honest about my intentional intentionals, and I helped me see that the race of people, religion or sexual organization, they don't have nothing to do with meat.
In many ways, he became my particular date in a moment that I was desperately recognized.
In occasion, the inspiration can come out of the unexpected -- and that a Jewish common had had a better influence in my life than my own father, extremely, was not in the virus.
One day I had a conversation with my mother about how I was changing my way of thinking, and she told me something that I would consider in my heart for always, while it's alive.
She looked at me with the eyes tired of someone who has suffered enough to information and said, "I'm tired to happen?
At that moment, I realized how much negative energy you need to keep all that hatred in your inside.
My real name is not Bandard Francisco.
I changed it when my family decided to break the relationship with my father and start a new life.
So why decided to go out and put it in a pretty risk risk?
Well, it's simple.
I have done it because I hope someone -- some day, who is trying to take the violence, you can hear my story and understand that there is a better way -- that even though I was telling me to this violent and intelligent ideology -- I didn't get to make it fantastic.
On the contrary, I decided to use my experience to fight the terrorism and against the programs.
I do it for the victims of terrorism and their loved beings. So by the terrible pain and the losses that terrorism has produced them in their lives.
For the victims of terrorism to speak against those acts without sense, as I remembered the actions of my father.
With this simplicity I explained here as a proof that violence is not inherent to any religion or race -- that children don't have to follow their parents.
I'm not my father.
Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you very much.
At this moment, there's a movie that is protected in their minds.
It's an amazing multiple movie.
It's in 3D and has suffered sounds of what you hear and see right now. But that's just the beginning.
Your movie has a arm, known and textbook.
I feel your body, your pain, your man, your play.
It has emotions, innocent and happiness.
It has memories, as a moment of your childhood that are protected by your eyes.
And it has a little voice in your conscious thought.
The heart of the movie are you who experience everything in direction.
This film is your consciousness, the surface of the mind of the mind and the world.
The consciousness is one of the fundamental truths of the existence of human being.
Each of us is aware of us.
We all have a piece of internal film, you and you.
There is nothing we know more directly.
So I know I have a kind of consciousness.
I have no certainty that you are aware of.
The consciousness is also the reason of living.
If we weren't aware of, nothing in our lives would have sense or value.
But at the same time is the most mysterious phenomenon of the universe.
Why are we considerable?
Why do we have these interest movies?
Why are we not just robots that we need to produce resources without experiencing the inner movie, right?
At this moment, nobody knows the answer to those questions.
I suggested that to integrate consciousness to science, you need some radical ideas.
Some people say it's impossible a science of consciousness.
Science is objective.
The consciousness is survived.
So there's never a science of consciousness.
Because for almost all the 20th century, they lost that vision.
The psychology studied the absolute behavior, neuroscience studied the brain, but never one mentioned consciousness.
Even 30 years ago, when TED started, there were very few scientific jobs about consciousness.
Then, 20 years ago, everything started to change.
neuroscientists like Francis and physical Francisco said, "It's now the time for science to be constantly constantly.
And since then, there was a real explosion of the scientific work about consciousness.
And this work was fantastic. It was great.
But also has fundamental limitations to the moment.
The center of consciousness science in the recent years was the pursuit of correspons, corresponds between some areas of the brain and some states of consciousness.
We saw some of this guy in the fantastic work that presented Nancy Kangerians a few minutes.
Now we understand a lot better, for example, the areas of the brain that are related with the conscious experience of seeing faces or feel happy.
But this is still a science science.
It's not a science science.
We know that these areas of the brain are related with certain types of conscious experiences but we don't know why.
I would like to explain that this kind of work of neuroscience answer some questions that we want to explain the consciousness. The questions about what certain areas of the brain and what they control.
But in a sense, those are the easy problems.
No choice to networks.
There are actually no easy problems with consciousness.
So I didn't have the real central mystery of this material, why all physical process in the brain has to be accompanied by concept?
Why is there a subjective international movie.
At this moment, we can't understand it.
And you can tell you a few years to neuroscience.
It's going to become another emerging phenomenon like the exciting expensive, like the humans, like life, and we're going to find exploration.
The typical surfaces are all cases of emerging behavior, how they operate the exceptions, how they work the humans, how they represent, they adapt and memory our living organisms, they're all questions about the objective function.
That could be applied to the human brain to explain some behaviors and the functions of the human brain as an emerging phenomenon -- how we walk up, how we do it, how we play again, are all questions about behavior.
But when it's about consciousness, the questions about behavior are between easy problems.
But the hard problem, is the question of why is that all behavior is accompanied from a subjective experience.
And here is the standard paradigm, the standard paradigm of neuroscience, actually doesn't have a lot to say.
I'm a heart of heart.
I want a scientific theory of the flowing that works -- for a long time, I would hit the head against the wall looking for a theory of consciousness in pure physical terms that would work.
But at the end, I got to the conclusion that that didn't work for synthetic reasons.
I think we take this point.
We have a wonderful explanation chain, great. We used it to this -- physics explaining chemistry, chemical explain biology, the biology explained part of psychology exploration.
But consciousness doesn't seem to fit in this skeleton.
On a side, it's a fact that we are aware of.
So we don't know how to take that idea to our scientific vision of the world.
I think that consciousness, right now, is a kind of animal, something that we need to integrate our vision of the world, but we don't know about it.
With an animal like this, you can need real ideas, I think we need ideas that we need to look crazy, before you can deal with consciousness in a scientific way.
There are some possibilities for those crazy ideas.
My friend Dan Dense, which is here today, has one.
His crazy idea is that there's no hard problem of consciousness.
All the idea of the inner agricultural movie includes a kind of illusion or conflict.
In fact, what you have to do is explain the goals of objective work, the brain behaviors -- and this is the whole thing that you need exploration.
Well, more power for it.
That's the kind of radical idea that we need to explore if we want to have a theory of consciousness constantly, based on the brain.
At the same time, for me and for many others, that vision is pretty close to just support that the observation of consciousness is strategically.
But I am in a different direction.
In the time, I want to explore two crazy ideas that I think can be pressure.
The first crazy idea is that consciousness is fantastic.
The physics sometimes take some aspects of the universe as a fundamental flower, space, time and mass.
They put fundamental laws that governments, like the laws of gravity or quantum mechanics.
These laws and fundamental properties don't explain in terms of any more basic way.
By the contrary, they consider the function, and there is the world.
Sometimes, the list.
In the 19th century Dick discovered that you can't explain the electromagnetic phenomena in terms of fundamental concepts in terms of fundamental concepts -- space, time, mass, laws of Newton -- then I put the electric car as a fundamental concept that those laws govern the function.
I think that's the situation that we find with consciousness.
If you can't explain consciousness in terms of fundamental ideas of school ideas, space, time mass, then you have to get the list.
The most natural would be possible consciousness as a fundamental flower of nature.
This doesn't mean that suddenly it's not an object of science.
But I open the way to make it scientific.
So what we need is to study the fundamental laws that govern consciousness, the laws that connect consciousness with other fundamental concepts -- space, the mass, the mass process process.
The physics sometimes say that we want a fundamental fundamental laws that we can scale in a remote.
The situation of consciousness is something like this.
We want to find fundamental laws so simple that we can scale in a field.
We still don't know what laws are, but that's what we look for.
The second idea is that consciousness can be universal.
Every system can have a degree of consciousness.
This vision sometimes is called "school -- "The Play of all, every single system is aware -- not only humans, the dogs, the metals, the mouses, even the microbes of Robert Kinghen, the elementary particles.
Even a party has a little bit of consciousness.
The idea is not that the pictures are smart or you think.
It's not that a picture can be full of an angle when you think about, always traveling to the speed of light.
I never can download and smell the robots."
No, so no.
But the thinking is that perhaps the pictures can have some element of feeling creature, surrounding, some primitive price of consciousness.
This can be a little bit crazy for you.
How do anyone think about something so little?
In part of this comes from the first crazy idea, that consciousness is a fundamental idea.
If it's great, like space, time and mass, it's natural to assume that it can also be universal.
It's also worth to notice that even though the idea seems to us, it's a lot less for the people of different cultures where the human mind seems more a continent with nature.
A deeper reason comes from the idea that perhaps the most simple and powerful way to find fundamental laws that relate the thinking with physical process is convinced consciousness with information.
There is always a process of information, there's consciousness.
complex information, as a human being, complex consciousness.
So process of simple information, simple consciousness.
Something very exciting is that in the recent years, a neuronal Nation, I took this kind of theory and development.
It has a mathematical measure of information, which is called the partner, which measures the degree of information in a system.
And I knew that he has to do with consciousness.
So in a human brain, there is an amazing degree of information interaction, a degree of pain, a lot of concept.
In a mouse there is a degree of information of information, just quite significant consciousness -- quite important.
But when you get to the members, microbes particles, the degree of the foot.
The level of information information is better, but it's not zero either.
In the theory of Nation, there will still be a different awareness of zero.
In fact, I proposed a fundamental law of concept, high degree of contact, high contract.
Also, another reason is that simplicity can help you try to integrate consciousness to the physical world.
Doctors and philosophers have seen that physics is completely abstract to it.
I described the structure of reality using a lot of equations -- but we don't talk about the reality that it goes down.
As Stephen Hapanisman, "Where is the fire of the explorations of the equation?
From the chemical vision of physics are able to leave as they are, but you can use it to describe the flow of consciousness.
That's what physics do basically describe the flow of consciousness.
According to this vision -- consciousness is the thing that puts it fire.
In that vision, consciousness don't find out of the physical world as a kind of advantage.
It's there in the center.
This vision, I think, the photographical vision has the potential to translate our relationship with nature, and it can have social consequences and pretty serious things.
Some may be school.
I used to think that I shouldn't eat anything that had consciousness, then it should be general.
If you are a school and accept that vision, you will have a lot of hand.
I think that you think about it, this tends to transform your vision, while what matters in ethical terms and moral conditions, is not so much the fact of consciousness, but their importance and your complexity and your complexity and your complexity and your complexity and your complexity and your complexity and your complexity and your complexity and your complexity and your complexity and your complexity and your complexity and
It's also natural to question about consciousness in other systems, like computers.
What about the artificial intelligence system.
Is it considerable?
According to the signature of the school information, she has a complicated information process of information, so the answer is yes, if it's aware of it.
If this is right -- you find very serious ethical problems about the ethical development of smart computers and the ethics to get them.
Finally, you can ask the awareness of the complex collective consciousness, the planet.
Canada has their own concept?
Or a more local level, an integrated group, like the audience in a TED Talk -- at this moment, we have a collective contract -- an inner movie for this TED group of TED, different from the inner movies of each other parts?
I don't know the answer to that question, but I think that at least is a question that should take seriously.
So this school vision is a radical vision, and I don't know if it's right.
I actually am more sure of the first crazy idea, that consciousness is a fundamental thing, than the second of it is universal.
The vision of a lot of questions, many challenges, like, how those pieces of thinking about the kind of complex consciousness we know and love us.
If we can answer those questions, then I think we go through the right way to a serious consciousness.
If not, okay, this is the most difficult problem of science and philosophy.
We can't wait to solve the night to the morning.
But I think we finally try to discover it.
Understanding consciousness is the real class, I think, to understand the universe and to understand ourselves.
Maybe we only need the right idea.
Thank you.
I grew up in a small rural village in Victorian.
I had a very normal profile.
I went to school, I loved with my friends, I stood with my younger sisters.
Everything was very normal.
And when I was 15 years old, a member of my community was left to my parents because I wanted to get a member of the community.
And my parents said, "Well, that's very nice, but there is a whole problem.
She actually hasn't done anything.  And they were right.
I went to school, I had good notes -- after school, I had a perfect under my mother, and I spent a lot of time looking at the "broken Sea Sea and "The "Stone Creature."
Yeah, I know it.
But they were right.
I didn't do anything that was extraordinary in all.
Nothing that can consider as a achievement if we take the disability outside of the equation.
So years later, being in the second part of the teaching in a high school school of Mexico, just after about 20 minutes in the class 11 minutes a lot of graduate studies and said, "Hey, when you give you your describe?
And I said, "What's discovery?
Well, I had been talking about the law law for a few minutes.
And he said, "You know, you know, your moral discovery.
When people in the wheelchair chairs talk about inspired things in school?
"The general of activities?
And it was then when I realized, this child had had experiences with people with disability as an inspiration.
And we're not. And it's not guilty of the much, is to say, that's true for many of us.
For us, people with disability are not our teachers or our doctors or our machines.
We're not real people. We're there.
And in fact, I'm in this stage ready to what I do in this wheelchair chair and probably you're waiting to inspire you. Right?  Yeah.
Well, ladies and gentlemen, I'm afraid to introduce you socially.
I'm not here to inspire you.
I'm here to tell you that they have measured us in relation to disability.
Yeah, you've sold the mind that disability is something Mala, to malluscode, my music.
It's something bad and living with a disability that makes you exception.
It's not a bad thing, and it doesn't make it exciting.
And in the last few years, we have been able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be about media communication media.
It's possible to have seen images like this: "The only disability in life is a bad activity?
Or this one: "Your excitement is investigation."
Or this one. Before you go on, incredible?
These are just a couple of examples, but there's a lot of them.
It may be that you've seen one of the girl with no hands working with a pencil of the mouth.
You may have seen a child that runs with low-endension computers of carbon.
And there is a lot of these images, which is what we call the short inspiration.
And you use the current term definition, because they cost a group of people for the benefit of another group of people.
So in this case, we use the devices in benefit of people without democracy.
The purpose of these images is to inspire them, to motivate them, so we can see them and thinking, "Well, for very bad than my life, it could be worse.
I could be that person.
But if you are that people?
I've lost the question of the number of times that have been strange to express that you think that I am brave or an institution, and this happens before my work had a public profile.
It was as if I was going to be depressed for me for the morning and remember my own name.  And this is to build.
These images, those images associated people with disability in benefit of people without discovery.
They're there, so you can see them and think that things are not so bad for you, or to put your concerns in perspective.
And life as a drug person is actually difficult.
We had some things.
But the things that we have is not the things that you can think.
They're not relative to our bodies.
I use the term of the terms described, definitely because I was surprised to the social model of disability that tells us that we are more distributed because of society that we live that because of our bodies or diagnosis.
So I've lived in this body for a long time.
I'm very excited with it.
The things I need to do, and I've learned to get the best of their ability as you do it, and that's what happens with the kids of those pictures too.
They're not doing anything outside the common.
They are just using their bodies getting the best of their capacity.
So is it really right to use them in the way we do it, when we share those images of images?
When people say, "You're a source of inspiration says it as a camera.
And I know why happens.
It's going to cause the mind, because they have sold this sense that disability makes us exception.
And honestly, I don't do it.
And I know what you're thinking.
I'm here back to the inspiration and you think, "Oh God, I'm not sometimes inspired by something?
And actually, I know I am.
Learning from other people with disability everywhere.
However, I don't learn that I'm more fortunate than them.
I learned that it's about a great idea to use a little bit of baby paintings to recognize the things that you fall to me.  I learned the huge trick of how to charge the mobile phone of the chair.
General.
We learn from force and resistance of others, not against our bodies and our dinosaurs, but against a world that simplicity and it is.
I really believe that that mind that has been sold about disability is the biggest instruction.
It makes us a difficult life.
And that school, "The only disability in life is a bad activity, the reason that that is mind is that it's not true.
A lot of sounds from a scale of stairs has never done it in a raise.
Never --   Sent of a television screen will not be able to look at the subjects for the deaf people.
Not a lot of people in the middle of a book and opening a positive attitude to become all those books to the brand.
It's just not going to happen.
I want to live in a world where disability is not exploration, but the normal.
I want to live where a 15 years old, sitting in his democracy watching "Black The Sali Sun is not considered not to be in a chair.
I want to live in a world where we don't have so low expectations of people with disability that we are dependent by the bed and remember our names for the morning.
I want to live in a world where we value the overall achievement of people with disability and I want to live in a world where a child of 11 degrees in a second school school in Mexico is not a little bit surprised that their new teacher is a single base of results.
The disability doesn't make us exceptions, but question what you think about it is that you do it.
Thank you.
What do you have to see the increasing reality and the professional football with the experiment?
And what is the average speed of a number of genome?
Unfortunately, today just responding to one of those questions, so please not destroyed.
And when people think of it really, think about "Michael Rependential and in Tom Crazary where the hands in the air, but real reality is not science.
Real reality is something that happens in our days and happens because we have the tools for it, and people need to know, because real reality changes our lives as much as the Internet and mobile phones.
So how do we get the really available reality.
The first step, it's what I got purpose, the Google Google.
I'm sure many of them are familiar with them.
What you may not know is that Google Glass are a device that allows you to see what I see.
I'm going to let you experience what is a professional depression in the field.
Right now, the only way to be in the field is that I try to describe it.
I have to use words.
I have to create a framework that you will take with your imagination.
We can use Google Glass, underneath a helmet and knowing what is running by the game field to 150 miles -- the blood the openese of the eyes.
We can know that it feels like a man of 170 pounds to us, trying to do with all of their being.
I've been there, and I assure you that it's not a grandmother.
I bring some videos to show you what is using Google Glass under the helmet and give you an idea of that.
Unfortunately, they're not images of the National practice of NASA, because the idea of the NASA technology is a submar coming into the surface, but -- we do what we can.
So let's look at a video.
Chris Klus: Let's go.
It's horrible to be a back.
A moment. We accept a little bit.
Right?
Go.
Chris Klens: As you can see, it's a chance of what is being passed in the football field, from the perception of the tablet.
You would have realized that it takes people, the rest of the team.
We have a video of them, core from the University of Washington.
Market Marketon, Rack 55, Randards.
All eight, Jull OK?
Chris Klus: This is a little bit more to the feeling being in the field, but it has nothing to do with being in Newest.
You want that experience.
The foundation want to be in the field, being their favorite players, and they have asked me in YouTube and Tower, you can see from the angle of a field male.
Or about a core?
We want to experience that."
Once we have that experience with Google and Google Glas, how do we get the financial finger? How do we bring it back to the next level.
We took it back to that level using something called Russia Ricare, which is probably many of you know.
The Ricaratuan Cussic has been described as the most realistic virtual device actually, and it's not word baby.
And I'm going to show you why, with this video.
Man: Oh yeah."
No, no, no, no. I don't want to follow anyone?
Oh God me?
CO: That's the experience of a man in a routine mountain having for his life.
What is the experience of a foundation when we get a video of Adverment Penest crossing the line, get rid of a back with the arm before the arm is before you run and make an announces?
When it can be messages running on the song, you get the base on the bottom of the network? Or should Derek do a salmance in the University?
What is your experience when you depend on a mountain over 100 miles like a blood straight?
Maybe you increase the blood windows for adults.
But this is not really vulnerable reality.
It's just virtual reality, River.
So how do we get the sacred reality, Riva?
We're going to take the real reality when the contractions, the markets and the children see the information of what people want to see and think of it, "How do we use this to improve our teams?
How do we use it to win participation?
Because they always use technology to win.
You like to win. You give them money.
So here's a brief report about technology in NASA.
In 1950, the Patherian Parents put a magnetic to his field male to play faster.
They won the Boy Book that year.
Other teams decided to tell you.
More people saw the party because it was more exciting, faster.
In 1999, the NGO met radiation in the fields of fields and after the designs.
They had more speeds because it was faster, more energy.
In 2009, imagine that they are a player coming back to their group and see their next player in front of you -- in a plastic view that they get possible. You won't have to worry about a toy play.
Or to memorize the strategy.
They only go out to the field and react.
And the teenagers want to do it because if you don't follow your institutions, you lose parts, and they hate losing parts.
If you lost a little bit of them as a contract.
And they don't want that.
But real reality is not just a market statistics.
Real reality is also a way to collect information and use it in real time to improve your way to play the part.
How do you do it?
Well, a very simple option would be a camera in every corner of the stadium having a view from the other people who are low.
They also get information from the sea sensors and the adults, something that is already working about.
And all of that information comes to your players.
The good teams will be able to send it.
The bad will have an information of information.
This will difference the good teams of bad teams of bad.
So your team team will be as important as your records, and the data analysis stop being just for next.
Is it also for depressions. Who would have imagined it.
How would it be in the camera?
Imagine you are the field.
You get the bad and recently.
You look at a open record -- suddenly a beach on the left part of your vision is advanced that a definition behind you is going to be able to add -- normally you don't see it, but the Ricarrow system.
You move to the area of protection.
Another flower is worth you have an open record.
You toss the battery, but they were developed you.
And the battery loses the trajectory.
You don't know where it was about the street, yet the receptor sees in your view a area of grass that goes up and can make the career.
It's approaching, it takes the battery, and it goes and head.
And the public represent and the foundation have followed the player from every single one.
This is something that will create a massive emotion.
Make lots of people see it, because people want to live that experience.
You want to be in the countryside.
They want to be your favorite player.
Real reality will be part of the sports because it's too profitable to not be.
But what I ask you is, we want this to be the only use of the available reality.
Are we going to use it just as bread and first, like our home engineering?
Because I think we can use it for something else.
I think we can use the augmented reality to shape the empathy between human beings, to show someone how it is, literally, will be in the place of another person.
We know what this technology is worth for sports girls.
It generates thousands of millions of income.
But how many of this technology for a professor in the classroom trying to show a shark how damage are their actions from the vision of the video?
How much is this technology for a gay in Uganda or Russia trying to show you the world how is it being perfectly?
How much of a Habble Hable or a New Documen Describe trying to inspire a generation of children to think of more in space and science instead of terrorist notes and Karlaseak?
Ladies and gentlemen, real reality.
The questions we do and the challenges that we take and the challenges that we face, they depend up, as always, of us.
Thank you.
I was recently sure after 23 years of service in the National National Hill.
The majority of those 23 years ago, I spent the side of the south of the Carbon County, which includes the poet Google Gate.
The bridge is an iconic structure, known by their beautiful views of San Francisco, the Pacific Ocean.
Unfortunately, it's also an image for the surface, being one of the most used places in the world.
The poet Google Gates was open in 1987.
Joseph Stars, engineering boss of building the bridge, he said that, "The bridge is practically to test of surfaces.
The surface from the bridge is not practical or probably?
But from his open, over 1,000 people have saved their death from that bridge from that bridge from that bridge from that page.
Some of you think that travel between the two towers to bring it to another dimension -- this bridge has been identified as a thing, so that the every one from it, you know, and the water you spend under the sleep of your soul.
But let me tell you that happens when the bridge is used to eat surface.
After one for four to five seconds, the body fell against the water about 120 miles per hour.
The impact breaks the bones, some of those people who provide vital organs.
The biggest death in the impact.
The ones that not, they normally get up in the nervous water and then they get head.
I don't think that the ones that controls this surface method is really aware of the death of the death that you will face.
This is the care.
Except around the two stars, there are 32 players of steel steel to the bridge.
Here's where most people are going to be before you take life.
I can tell you for experience that once the person is in that edge, and in your most dark moment, it's very difficult to bring them back back.
I took this picture last year while this young girl was talking to a concert of his life.
I want to tell you with joy that we had success that day to bring it back on the ball.
When I started working on the bridge, we didn't have any formal training.
We fought it to carry the way through these call.
This was not just a bad service to those who controls the surface, but to the electronics too.
We've got a long way since then.
Today, electricity and psychologists train the new officers.
This is Jason Garden.
I met it 24 percent of the last year when I got a call of a possible suicide surface sitting on the heart near the center.
He said, and when I arrived, I looked at Japan talking to an official Google Gate.
Japan was only 32 years old, and he had gone back to here from New Jersey here.
In fact, I had gone back to here two times before New Jersey to try to get out of this bridge from this page.
After a time talking to Japan, we asked us if we know the story of the face of Pale.
I remember the Greek microbes, "Legrant created Park, and he sent him to the Earth with a box, and he said, "No, never workers that box.
Well, one day, the curiosity could more than Palentia, and she opened the box.
Out of them were plants, students, and all kinds of bad against the man.
The only thing in the box was hope.
So Japan asked us, "What happens if you open the box and no speech?
It takes a little bit of insects -- it includes the right, and it was.
This very clever and smart magnetic of New Jersey just taken life.
I talked to the parents of Japan that night, and I guess that when I was talking with them, it was not seemed to be very well, because the next day I was calling me to see how it was.
The parents of Japan had been asked it.
The collective days of suicide affect many people.
Do you put these questions, what do you do if a member of your family, a friend or someone loved it out out?
What would you say?
Do you know what to say?
In my experience, it's not just to talk about, but you have to listen to you.
Listening to understand it.
You don't discuss them, you know, or you tell the person you know how you feel, because you probably don't know.
Just being there, you can be the point of innovation they need.
If you think someone is sure, you don't have fear of them and make the question.
One way to ask you the question is, "Are you in similar circuits have thought about their life. You've got these thoughts.
Control the person of the front of the front of the entire life can save life and be the information point for them.
Other signs to look at -- design, believe that things are terrible, and they are never going to be better, I mean, believe that there's nothing that you can do about it, and a lost of interest in life.
I got this talk a couple of days ago, and I got an image of a lady and I would like to read her card.
She lost his son next year of this year, and I wrote this email just a couple of days, and it is with his permission and debate that I read it.
"Hey, Kenya. I imagine you're in the TED conference.
It should be a whole experience to be there.
I'm thinking that I should go to foot this weekend.
I just wanted to leave a note.
I hope you can tell many people and go home talking about it to their friends who tell their friends, and so on.
I'm still quite inspirentially, but getting more time to realize that Mike will not go home.
Mike was driving from Politic to San Francisco to see the part of the 40 with his father 19 percent.
Never come there.
I call the Political police and I read it as a depression that night.
At the next morning, two offices came to my house, and they reported me that the car of Mike was under the bridge.
A text had seen it to save from the bridge to the 1980s, in the top of the day before.
Thank you very much.
Who hasn't been before bad as a real mental disease.
It shouldn't be so easy to do with her.
My arms are telling you for your struggle.
The Galax, President Google Gates is supposed to be a bread through our beautiful bath, not a certain.
Good luck this week, Victorian."
I can't imagine the value that she needed to go back to the bridge and remember the way his son took that day, and also the value to go out there.
I'd like to introduce you to a man that I mean with hope and value.
The 11 percent of 2000, I responded to a radio call for a possible surface of the bridge near the north.
I got my engine on the sidewalk, and I looked at this man Kenne, Kenya in the air.
When I saw me, I crossed the bank, and he stopped in that little tube that goes around the ground.
Over the time and half the next time, I heard like Kenya talked about his depression and sports.
Kenne decided for his account that day to go back on that race and give life another opportunity.
When Kenya came back, the happiness.
"This is a new beginning, a new life.
But I asked him, "What was the thing that did you go back, and you give the hope and the life other opportunities?
And you know what he told me?
He said, "I'm listening.
I stopped talking and just listening."
Shortly after that incident, I got a letter of the mother of Kenya, and I have that letter with me, and I would like to like them.
"I was "Seen Britain, which is nothing to delete the events of 9/11, and you are one of the reasons why Kenya follow us.
So honestly, I think Kenya was changing for help.
It has been diagnosed with a mental disease for which has been relatively medicine.
I went back to Kenya when I was only six months, completely uncomfortable from all those tools services, but thanks to God, we now know.
Kenne is in order, like that.
We give God for you.
Just in debt with you, Narrator Brazil."
And at the end she wrote, "Please. When I visited the General Health Hallowing of San Francisco that night, you were presented like the patient.
I know I had to support it.
Now, Kenya is a very expensive father and a global piece of society.
I talk about the events of that day and their depression with the hope that their story will inspire others.
The suicide is not just something that I've found me in the job.
It's personal.
My grandmother was suffering with come.
That act, despite finishing his own pain, I stole the opportunity to know it.
This is what the suicide does.
For most of the suicide people, or those who would consider the surface, they don't think about taking another person.
They just want your own pain yet.
So, this is about three ways -- to sleep, drugs or alcohol or death.
In my career, I have responded and I've been involved in hundreds of mental diseases and calls of suicide around the bridge.
Of those incidents that I've been directly involved, I've only lost two, but those two are too much.
One was Japan.
The other one was a man who talked about about a hour.
For that time, I was a hand in three electrons.
In the final hand, I looked at me, and he said, "Hey, I feel, but I have to go."
And I went on.
In fact, absolutely terrible.
I want to tell you, however, that the vast majority of people that we were going to focus on that bridge they weren't support.
In addition, those few people who have gone out of the bridge and lived and that you can talk about it, that one or two, most of those people have said that the second thing left out of the way they left a mistake.
I tell people, the bridge not only connected Martin with San Francisco, but also people.
That connection, or bridge that we do, is something that everyone and every one of us should be structured for doing.
The suicide can be preventing.
There's help. There is hope.
Thank you very much.
The world makes you are what you're not -- but in your interests you know what you are, and a question is make you -- how do you become that?
I should be a little bit in that sense, but I'm not alone.
When I became a model I felt that finally I had done the dream that I had ever had since girls.
My outside finally came up with my inner truth, with my inside.
For a few reasons to me, when I look later, when I look at this picture -- I think, "Do you get a genetic, you get it.
But the October past, I discovered that, you know, I'm beginning.
All of us rent our families, our religion, our society, our time in history, even our bodies.
Some of you have the value of freedom, to get rid of the limitations in the skin of skin or the beliefs of those who surround us.
These are people who are always defined the status of it, which is considered access.
In my case, the last nine years, many of my neighbor, many of my friends, my ancestors even my story.
I think this animal is called relative.
This is the mine.
I was recorded as a bread for the appearance of my genes.
I remember my five years in the Files, in my house, I always had this state in the head.
And my mom asked me, "Why do you take that shape in the head?
I said, "Mom, it's my wife. I'm a girl."
I knew so how they engage.
The gender has always considered an amazing fact, but now we know that, really, is something more complex and mysterious as well.
Because of my success, I never taught me to share my story, not because I thought it will be a bad thing, but why the world comes to those of us who want to liberate it.
Every single day is going to be women.
I have a mom and dad and a family that act me like I am.
Many aren't so lucky.
There is a long tradition in the Asian culture that celebrate the mystery of gender.
There is a subjective dialogue of compassion.
There is a Hindu dialogue, database of the diagnoses.
And when I was eight years old, I was in a party in the Files who celebrated these mystery.
I was in front of the stage and I remember that this beautiful woman appeared to me, and I remember that moment as if something got me, this is the kind of woman I wanted to be.
And when I was 15 years old, when I was still a man, I met this woman called The TED.
It's the director of a tremendous traditional beauty.
That night, she asked, "Why don't you participate in the brain consequence?
He told me that if I was involved that she was going to be able to go out of the destitution of instrumental and service, and that night, won in a batheral ball, and it was a third end between 40 canopes.
That moment changed my life.
Suddenly I was inside the world of beauty.
Not a lot of people can say that their first work was about real women of transparency women, but I can know.
I also met the dialogue of the demands, especially when we traveled the remote preventions of Licks.
But more important than all that, I met my best friends of that community.
In 2004, my mom had moved up to San Francisco, I was called me and told me that they were able to go to live to the U.S.
I was responding.
I told my mother, "May, I'm fun.
I'm here with friends, I like to travel and be a mean of beauty."
But then, two weeks later, I called me and told me, "You know that if you moved to America you can change the name and the identity of the general identity.
It was all I needed to hear.
My mom suggested I would put two of my name.
She also struck me when I was obsessed in Thailand, at 19 years.
It's curious that in some of the most rural cities of Thailand, they require the most primitive surgery, sophisticated and secure.
In the U.S., it was necessary to make surgery before changing the name and gender.
So in 2004, I went to San Francisco, and I remember looking at the license of behavioral with the General name and the Few female gender.
It was a big moment.
For some people, their identity of identity means able to drive or power to be able to get a job, but for me was the license to live to feel discovery.
Suddenly my fears looked at memories.
I felt that I could take my dream and move to New York, and being model.
Many aren't so lucky.
I think in this woman Man News.
A young woman from New York who really lived their truth, but that dependent, put the end of his life.
For many of my community, that's the reality that they live in.
Our suicide rates are eight times more than the rest of the population.
All 20 percent of November, we make a global surveillance by the World Contract of the Trans.
I am in this stage of a long story of people who fought and put out of the instruction.
These are Mars People and Sound Liver.
Today, in this same moment, I'm coming out of the arm.
I can't keep living my truth, just for me.
I want to do the best to help others to live their truth without shame, no fear.
I'm here here, exploration, so that some day there is no more victims of Northern.
My most profound truth led me to accept what I am.
Would you do it?
Thank you very much.
Thank you, thank you very much.  Kara Sitting, George, a quick question.
Gene Rocket. Of course. I would be grateful with all my designers.
My support network, my parents especially to my family, which itself is very strong.
I remember all the times I've spent young young women, which I've been originally, and a few times, when they call me and told me that their parents couldn't accept it. I took my mom and said, "Mom, you can call this woman?
Sometimes it worked, others don't. It's just a gender identity, that's what is in the center of what we are, right?
That is to say, all of us get a gender. And what I try to do is put on the table the topic that some times that song, not a fact, and that should be a space that enabled people to address -- and this is a conversation that we should have with parents, with colleagues.
The tremendous movement is starting compared with gay movement.
There is still a lot of work for doing.
I should have understanding.
There should be space for curiosity and to ask questions, and I hope you all are my faces.
KS: Thank you. Thank you.
In many facial societies and traditional societies to the parents who are generally known for their children, but I'm one of the few parents who you know for their daughter, and I'm proud of it.
Bad started his campaign for education by defending their rights in 2004, and when they were healthy their efforts in 2011, when you get a very famous girl of peace in his country.
Before that, I was my daughter, but now I'm his father.
Ladies and gentlemen, if we look at a view to the history of humanity, the history of women is the history of instruction, from inequality.
You see, in the facial societies, right from the beginning, when a kid, his birth doesn't celebrate.
It's not a green, not for his father, not for his mother.
The neighborhood comes up, day their condoms to mother and no one happiness.
And a mother is overwhelmed a lot for having a child.
When he gives birth to the first girl, the first daughter, it gets sad.
When he goes to light to the second daughter, it's completely, and with the hope of a son, when he launched his third daughter, it feels guilty as a criminal.
Not only the mother sure, but the daughter -- the daughter was born, when it grows up, it sounds too.
In the age of five years, when I should go to school, it comes into house and school attention to their sisters.
Until the age of 12 years, it has a good life.
You can fun.
It can play with their friends on the street, and it can move on the streets as a map.
But when you go into the advanced, when I was 12 years old, he was paying that it would take out of his house without a male approach.
It's connected to four walls of their house.
It's not a free person.
It turns up in the name of his father and his brothers and his family, and if you translate the code of that little house, he could even kill you.
And it's interesting that this kind of contract code is not only about the lives of a much, also affect the life of the male members of the family.
So this brother, discovered the joy of their life and happiness of their sisters in behalf of the honor of the hour.
And there is a normal more of the facial societies that are called obesity.
It's supposed to be a good girl must be very close, very humble and very soul.
It's the creature.
The model of a good girl must be hot.
You know, it's supposed to be silence and the decisions of their father and his mother and the decisions of the elderly -- even if you don't want it.
If the house with a man who doesn't like or if the house with a old man, you have to accept it, because it doesn't want to be sound situation.
If the very young, you have to accept it.
Otherwise, they call it design.
And what happens to the end?
In words of a poem, "The house, the stream, and then it gives birth to more children and dancers?
And the irony irony is that this mother includes the same lesson lesson to their daughter and the same lesson lesson to their children.
And this vicious video is contained and contained.
You wanted brothers and sisters when I was born Mala, and for the first time, you know, I don't like the nation, to be honest, but when I was there and looked at his eyes, I felt really hot an extremely.
And a lot before I was born, I thought about her name, and I was fascinated with a legal fight of freedom in Afghanistan.
His name was Maladum Market, and I called my daughter like that.
But when I looked at me, everyone was men, and I landed my plant, and I took a line of my name, and I wrote, "Hey "Hima?
And when she grew up, when I was four years old and a half years ago, I admit my school in my school.
Would you wonder, why should I mention a girl in a school?
Yeah, I need to tell you it.
You can do it for sitting in Canada, in the U.S., in many developing countries, but in the poor countries in the facial societies, in the traditional societies, is a great approach for child life.
It means in a school means the recognition of their identity and their name.
An adaptation to school means that has been trained in the world of dreams and beekeepers where you can explore their potential for their future life.
I have five sisters and none of them could go to school, and they would be surprised -- two weeks before, when I picked the camera silent form, and I was in the relative part to the family, I couldn't remember the parts of some of my sisters.
And the reason was that I had never seen the names of my sisters written in any documents.
That was the reason I value my daughter.
What my father couldn't give my sisters or their daughters I thought I had to change it.
I used to appreciate intelligence and the health of my daughter.
I was going to sit with me when my friends came to see me.
The animal to go to different meetings.
And all of these values, I've been trying to engage them in their personality.
And this was not just for it, just for Mala.
I've imagined all these good values in my school to girls and girls for the same.
It uses education for exploration.
Think about my daughters taught students, to forget the lesson of obesity.
I taught students to forget the lesson of the so-called health.
You want brothers and sisters we fought for more rights for women, and we fought to have more and more space for women in society.
But we found ourselves with a new phenomenon.
It was lethal for human rights, and in particular, for the rights of women.
It's called the traditional call.
That means a complete denial production of women in all political activities, economic and social activities.
Hundreds of schools were lost.
The girls were forced to go to school.
Women were forced to use videos and stopped going to markets.
The musicians were silent, the grandmother girls and the streaming sales.
They suffer millions of them, but a few of you talked about it, and it was terrifying to have around those people who kill and go up when you talk about their rights.
It's really frightening.
In the age of 10 years, malaria, he came up and brought up the right to education.
I wrote a day for the Bible Boy of the BBC of the Bill Charage, and I spoke in every platform I could.
And their voice was the most powerful voice.
It was expected as a camera around the world.
And that was the reason the Taliban could not tolerate their campaign and 90 percent October of 2009, they were used to school in the head.
It was a drug day for my family and for me.
The world became a great black hole.
While my daughter was destroyed between life and death, I suggested the ear to my wife, "I have to blame for what happened to my daughter, to your diagnosis?
And he was immediately told me, "Please you don't know.
They define the right cause.
He puts your life in play by the cause of the truth, by the cause of education, and by the cause of education, and your daughter is inspired in you and you joined you.
They both were in the right path and God programming.
These few words meant a lot for me, and I didn't ask you again.
When she was in the hospital and I had severe dollars and strong dozens of head because his facial nerve was correctly, I used to see a dark shadow that was extracted by the face of my wife.
But my daughter never becomes it.
I used to say, "I'm okay with my smile smile and with the focus in my face.
I'm going to be fine. Please don't worry.
It was a constant for us, and we control.
Ladies and sisters we have learned from it how to resist in the most difficult moments, and I really shared to share with you that despite being an icon for the rights and women, is like any girl of 16 years.
I call it when I didn't have his task.
He filmed with his brothers, and I'm very happy for that.
People ask me, "What is about special in my car that has done so fast to Malay so brave and experimental and existing?
I mean, don't ask me what I did.
Ask me what I didn't do.
I didn't cut their wings and that's everything.
Thank you very much.
Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.
I went out of the brain 12 years ago, and, from that day, science science has become a personal passion.
I'm an engineering.
And I want to tell you that I've recently joined me to the Mosest group of Google, where I've had a division to my care, the Given Village vision -- but all the work that I would talk today here about the science of the brain, I did it before I got Google or outside of my work there.
So having said this, there is a scale when you sit to a brain opportunity.
Are you just kind of smart or not?
It's not going to be so stronger?
After the neurons, I had a part of the brain, and I had to live with it.
It was not the gray material, but it was the perfect part of the center that creates important hormones and neuroscience.
So immediately after the operation, I had to decide what a lot of to take, from more than a dozen chemical power every day, because if I didn't take anything, die in a few hours.
Every day, for the last 18 years, I've had to decide about the combination and mosques of chemicals, and try to get it out to keep with life.
Over once I've saved me for a little bit.
But luckily, I have an experiment of experience, so I decided that I decided to experience to try to get the final dose because there is no clear map that will tell you in detail.
I began to try to try with different films, and I was surprised by looking at how small changes in the dose changed my space, my sense of who I was me, my behavior with others.
A particularly impressive case, for a few months, I played doses and typical chemicals for a sea man, and I was surprised to see how my thoughts.
I was always curious, I thought all the time in sex -- and I thought it was the most smart person around the world, and           I have a lot of time in the past I've met several types like this, or perhaps some research versions of it.
It turns out like an extreme.
But my great surprise was that I was not trying to be an architecture.
In fact, I was trying to be trying to fix a problem that I had to the front, and it simply doesn't happen.
So I couldn't handle it.
I changed my fingers.
But I think that experience I gave me a new appreciation about men and about what they have to be -- since then I got better with men.
What I was trying to get out of those hormones and neurosciences and others, it was to reclaim my intelligence after the disease and operation, my creative thinking of ideas -- my belief of ideas.
I tend to think almost in images, and that became my kind of key reference -- how do you get those mental images that used to create protection, my ideas, if you want you to be wanting?
This kind of thoughts is not new.
Films like Homo, Describes and Hollywood see things in a similar way.
They thought the images and the mental ideas were the same thing.
Today there are those who question this idea, and there are a lot of discussions about how the mind works -- for me is simple, for most of us, the mental images are fundamental for creative thinking and investment.
So after several years, it will be able to find the point right and I've got lots of great mental images, really, very sophisticated and good structure.
Now, I'm working on how to take these mental images, from my mind to the computer screen screen.
Do you imagine what happens if a movie director was able to use your imagination only to address the world that has the first?
Or if a musician could extract the music of your head?
There are amazing possibilities with this, as the way that creative people can be able to share the speed of light.
And the truth is that, the only difficulty to get this is just to increase the resolution of our brain scale.
Let me show you why I think we are pretty close to get this with two recent experiments done by two decades in neuroscience.
They both used the MRI technology, image for functional magnetic resonance to represent the brain -- here you can see the brain scale done by George Ganger and their colleagues in Harvard.
The color of the left shows the scene of the brain of a person who looks at an image.
The middle of the middle shows the scale of the brain of that same individual while it was imagination, looking at that same image.
The colony on the right is created by holding the content of the center of the left -- you see that the difference is almost remarkable.
This is represented in many different individuals with many different images, always with a similar outcome.
The difference between looking at an image and imagine that same image is almost number.
Now, let me share another experiment. This is the lab of Jack Galaxy in Berkeley, California.
They managed to convert brain waves in recent visual fields.
Let's put them in this way.
In this experiment, it showed people hundreds of hours of YouTube videos while their brains were used to create a great challenge of brain reactions to the brain sequence of video.
Then, I showed you a movie with new images, new people, new animals, and as a new scale.
The computer, using only the brain information of the scale that I decided to show you what seemed that the person was looking at.
On the right you can see the computer describes, and on the left, the video I showed you.
This gave us baby bothers.
We're okay about it.
We only need to improve the resolution.
And now remember, when you see an image and when you imagine that same image, you believe in the brain the same map.
This was taken with the largest brain system systems available today, and their resolution was embedded as a thousand times in the last few years.
Now we need to increase the resolution about a thousand times to get a more profound way.
How do we do that?
There are many techniques to do it.
One is to open the skull.
I don't offer it for that.
So many of them are producing new manufacturing techniques for images -- even me. So by the recent result of the imagination, first we need to ask you the next thing, this technology will be the end of the master?
The conventional wisdom says that the only way to get more resolution is with larger magnets -- but to this point, magnets more likely to offer small improvements in the resolution -- not increase for thousands as we need.
I propose this idea, instead of magnets -- we make better imagery.
We can create a lot more complex structures with slightly different, like doing an exploration.
And why is this important?
In the last few years, a great amount of effort in the Iraq were to make very big, right?
However, most of the recent advances in responsibility of innocent solutions and breakthrough in cooperation and definition, in the transportations and Recompanies of Francisco science in the Islamic systems.
At his time, instead of a massive magnetic field, we use magnetic pathologists used to the French American frequency.
So when we combine the magnetic patterns with the process of the American Rade production, we can increase the information of the information that you can extract in one scale.
Also, we can actually divide our growing knowledge about the structure of the brain and memory to create the increase in the thousands we need.
By using the IBM should be able to measure not only the blood blood flower, but the one of the hormones and neurosciences that I've mentioned and perhaps even the direct neural activity.
We're going to be able to fly our ideas in a direct form to digital media.
Do you imagine if we could spend the language of language and communicating it directly through thinking?
What would we be capacity?
And how do we learn to deal with real human thinking neurons?
You thought the Internet is a big thing.
These are great questions.
It would be amazing to use it as tools to expand our thoughts of thinking and communication.
Indeed, this same tool could take the cure of Alzheimer's curve and similar diseases.
We have a few choices to open this door.
In all ways, you get a year to happen in five or 15 years?
It's hard to imagine that to take a lot more.
We need to learn how to give this step together.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk about this night about the armed, and not just the gay grandmother.
I think we all have a shark.
His analysis may be to tell someone person for the first time or tell someone who is pregnant or tell someone who has cancer, or any other difficult conversation that you have been trapped in life.
Everything is a difficult conversation, and even though our issues can vary traveling, the experience of having lived and have gone out of that harmony is a universal thing.
Day fear, and we don't like it, and it should happen.
A lot of years ago, I worked at the Supreme State Wall California, a restaurant in the city, and being there, I had to bring several days of the intensity of the audience mission, not reach my grandmothers, to quote Frank Die France as a land.
And it will be perceived that by the hospital of my skin screen and for having been killed the head I was a little kid, I would ask you a little boy -- "Hey, you're a girl or a child?
And it would be a simple silence in the table.
I would support my manager a little more, I would take my coffee with a reading finger.
The father left the newspaper, and the mother would take a cold side of his son.
But I would not say anything, and she would have a breathe for inside.
And I got the point that every time I went to a place where there was a child between three and 10 years old, I was ready to fight it.
And that's a terrible feeling.
So I promised that next time I would say something.
I would have that difficult conversation.
So after a few weeks ago, it happened again.
Are you a girl or a little girl?
A family silence, but this time was prepared and I was going to try to go back in the female issues in the table.  I had the Higgs Britain.
The Higgs States.
Even a frame of the Vagina "Moon that I would show you.
So I'm going to answer the body and I went down the sea and my street a four years ago with a pink sense, looking at what is not a challenge for a female flight, just a girl with a question: "Are you kids or child?
And then I'm going to answer the next time, I got out of circles near it, and I said, "Hey, I know this is something construction.
I have the short horse like a kid, and I saw a grass car, but I'm a girl, and you know, like you like you like to use a pink sense, and sometimes you like to use a comfortable liver.
Well, I'm more than the kind of girl of a chemical lives?
And that girl looked at me, paying attention, and he said, "My favorite bird is violence and has a fish.
Can you give me a particular, please?
And that was all -- just "Oh, OK. You're a girl.
What happens with the tank I asked?
It was the most easy conversation of all I've ever had.
And why? Because the girl of the tank and I, both of us were honest, one with the other.
So as many of us, I've lived in some sharks in my life, and yes, often my walls used to be a track.
But inside the dark, you can't know what color is the walls.
You just know how one feels like living in a market.
It's like my arm is not different to your own or the tea or your own.
You know, I'm going to give you 100 reasons why it comes out of my arm was harder to come out of the dream, but this is the thing, what's difficult is not religion.
What's difficult is difficult.
Who can tell someone who have been involved in broken bank is harder to tell you that has been a sandwich?
Who can tell you that this story that I think is harder to tell your son of five years that are going to discovery?
There is no more difficult thing, just the hard thing.
We need to let us figure out what is difficult to what it is difficult to the other person to make us feel better or worse in relation to our families, and we need to feel empathy because we all live something difficult.
In some point in our lives, we all live in travels, and you can make sense of security, or at least more security than the other side of the door.
But I'm here to tell you that no matter what their walls are done, a professional is not a place to live.
Thank you.  Imagine itself 20 years ago.
I had a horse, a set of stream streets.
It was not the military leader ready to fight any child of four years to go into the coffee.
I was controlled by the fear of my dark framework of my dark arm pushing my gay graduate, and he will move only a muscle.
My family, my friends, complete strange with the ones I've spent my entire life trying to be able to tell them, and now the world was turned back to purpose.
I was burning the pages of a guide that we all have followed for so much time, but if you don't take that gravity, you will kill you.
One of my most memorable degree levels was in my sister.
It was the first time that many of the researchers knew that it was gay, and when I do my hands of honor man, in my black dress and the games -- walked around the tables and finally came to one where my friends were my parents, people who met me a few years ago.
And after talking about a moment, one of the women, "Hey to Nathan Landard?
And the gay radio balance had started.
"He was once in the Saturacy?
"Well, yes, the truth is that we have friends in San Francisco.
Well, we've never gone there, but we've heard that it's fantastic."
"He knows my Angeless Angeles?
It's very good and never talked about having a night?
"Hey, what's your favorite team program.
Our favorite program, China and Green.
And you know who you know? Jack.
Jack is our favorite."
And then a woman, deployed but instead of showing your support, to make sure that I was about my side, finally said, "Well, sometimes my husband uses real bases?
And I had an opportunity at that moment, as they have all the favorite landscapes.
You might have been easy to figure out where they felt memories.
It's not very difficult to find it and realize the fact that they were structure.
And what else can you ask somebody, but you can struggle?
If you're going to be authentic with somebody, you have to be prepared for the authentic thing you get.
It's like the hard conversations continue without being my strong point.
Ask anyone that I have happened.
But I'm better, and I know what I like to call the three principles of the Gargeton.
Now, please see this through gay perspective, but you understand that what it involves out of any ant is essentially the same thing.
Number one: You're authentic.
She's stupid the farm. They're yourself.
That girl in the coffee had no market button, but I was ready for the boat.
If you want someone to be great, others must know that we were also sure.
Number two: Are you directly. I'm just going to be directly. They take their parts.
If you know they are gay.
If you say to your parents that maybe they might be gay, they will keep the hope that that could change.
They don't give them a sense of false hope.
And number three, and more important.  You leave the complex.
You communicate your truth.
There are James discovered by that.
And some of you can get safe wounded services, they depend for what they have done, but they never apologize what they are.
And yes, perhaps some of them feel depression, but that something in them, not in you.
Those are the expectations of them about what you are, but not your own.
That's the story of them, but not of you.
The only story that matters is what you want to write.
So the next time you find it in a armed dark by buying a fail, you must know that we have all been there before.
And you can feel very sure, but they're not.
Thank you, Bob.
Instead, what is that?
If we look at the story of how intelligence has seen intelligence, a productive example has been the famous quote of Design Diagram that "The question of if a machine can think of is as interesting as a subjective can notice?
When Device Diager wrote this thing as a critical to the people of the computer as Alexander Turkey.
And so a few years ago, I started a program to try to understand the fundamental physical mechanisms of intelligence.
We get a step on.
First, we start with a mental experiment.
Imagine that they are from an annual race that you don't know anything about the Earth of Earth nor from the Earth of the Earth of the Earth, but they have incredible self-selections and you can see the Earth, and you have incredibly long lives, even thousands of millions years old.
And you see a very strange effect.
Of course, as terrorism, we know that the reason would be trying to save ourselves ourselves.
We're trying to avoid an impact.
But if you are from a legal race that doesn't know anything about this, which has no concept about the Earth intelligence of the Earth, they would be forced to develop a physical theory to explain how to actually have the surface of a mysterious planet stop doing it.
And so I claim that this is the same question that you understand the physical nature of intelligence.
So in this program that took a number of years ago, I analyzed a variety of themes through science, through various disciplines that were stuck, I think, to a single surface of intelligence.
In complex, for example, there has been a variety of evidence that our universe seems to be finally advantage for the development development and in particular, for the development of the universal states that maximize the diversity of possible future.
Finally, in the robotic movement, there's been a variety of recent techniques that have tried to leverage the skills of robots to maximize the future freedom of action with the end of making complex tasks.
And so taking all these different issues and putting them together, I asked, from a few years ago, there is a underlying mechanism for intelligence that we can extract from all these different technologies?
Is there just an equation for intelligence.
And I think the answer is yes. What you're seeing is probably the most close equivalent to one and to the intelligence that I have seen.
So what you're looking at here is an indication that intelligence is a strength, Fina, which acts with the end of maximize the future freedom of action.
It acts to maximize the future freedom of action, or keeping open choices with a force, with the diversity of possible future future, yes, to a very tiny future time, you know.
In a few words, the intelligence doesn't like to be able to be terrified.
The intelligence tries to maximize the future freedom of action and maintain open choices.
And so, having this equation, is natural question: What can you do with this?
How often is it?
Remember the level of human intelligence.
Remember artificial intelligence.
So I'm going to show you now a video that I think, show some of the amazing applications of this simple equation.
Narrator: So recent research researchers have suggested that the universes that produce more design, or England, during their life should be tendency to more smart conditions for the existence of smart conditions like us.
But what if that kind of technical economic connection between entropy and intelligence a more profound relationship.
What happens if the intelligent behavior is not only correlated with the production production production, but actually it turns directly from it?
In order to figure out, we've developed a software engine called Earth, designed to maximize the energy production production in any point in any system that you find inside.
So surprisingly, completely could spend multiple animal trials, playing games games and even winning money to make action, all of them without that there would be inspired to do that.
Here are some examples of Earth in action.
As a little bit of feet without care, here we see European to balance a whole car using a care.
This behavior is remarkable in part because we never gave it to Earth a gear.
I just decided for his question to balance the track.
This carbon ability has applications for human robotic and human care.
This ability to use tools have applications in smart manufacturing and agriculture.
Also, as a few other animals can cooperate from extreme objects of a rope at the same time to release food -- here we see that entropy can make a version of the model of that task.
This cooperation capacity has interesting consequences for economic planning and in a variety of other fields.
Environmental is widely application to a variety of dance.
For example, here we see it successful playing a test game against themselves, including their potential for play.
So here we see Earth to provide new connections in a social network where friends are connected constantly and keeps with success the good well.
So this same network capacity has also has applications in the quality of health and energy and intelligence.
So here we look at Earth to organize the routes of a ball of baby, discovered with success and using the Panaad Canage to encourage the world from the Atlantic to the Pacific.
In the same way, entropy is widely applied to problems in autonomous defense and transparency and transportation.
Finally, here we look at Earth to try to discover and educate a strategic strategy strategy in a similar series of action, successful activity of the activity under their exploration exploration.
This kind of risk management will have advanced applications in financial and secure.
Alex Livings, what you've seen is that a variety of human human behaviors like the use of tools -- walking together and social cooperation and social cooperation and all of a single equation of a subject to maximize their future freedom of action.
Now, here's a deep original.
We went back to the beginning of the robot terms, the "Robert war, the "Root was always the concept that if we develop smart machines, there would be a cyber break.
The machines are coming up against us.
One of the biggest consequences of this work is that perhaps all of these decades, we've had all the concept of the cyber research to the investment.
It's not that the most clever machines become smart, and then you try to be able to learn the world.
It's all the opposite, that the momentum of taking the control of all possible future is a most fundamental principle than the intelligence of intelligence, that generally can actually be able to take the control instead of being the contract.
Another important consequence is the pursuit of the target.
You often ask me, "How do you look for goals to be dependent from this kind of track?
My equivalent to that statement to go to the designers to help us build artificial intelligence or to help you understand the human intelligence, is the following: intelligence must be seen as a physical process that tries to maximize the future freedom of action and avoid the restrictions in their own future.
Thank you very much.
We are in a human point in human history, something between the contents of stars and losing the planet we call "the "The "says?
Although in the last few years, we've got a lot of our knowledge of how the Earth is in the context of the universe.
The NASA mission of NASA has discovered thousands of possible planets that orbit around other stars, which shows that Earth is only one between thousands of millions of planets of our galaxy.
Kepler is a space telescope that measures the full term intensity of stars when planets spend over the front of them, and they block a little bit of that light that comes to us.
The data collected by Kepler shows the size of the planets from the distance that there is between them and their stem star.
In contrast, this helps us understand whether these planets are small and rich as the land planets of our solar system, and also the amount of light they get from their sun.
At your time, this gives pictures about whether these planets we find are healthier or not.
Unfortunately, as we are finding this process of potentially healthy, our own planet is falling under the weight of humanity.
The year 2010, it was the most sacred carding.
And glaciers and ice ice that have been with us from us from the microbes now are described in a matter of decades.
These environmental changes that we've changed global scale have turned rapidly our ability to bring their course.
But I'm not a science scientist -- no antiboard.
But I study the ability of the planet influenced by the stars, with the hope of finding places in the universe where to discover life beyond our planet.
You could say that I look for foreign opportunities in the imaginary sector.
Now, as someone really interested in the life of life in the universe -- I can tell you that the more similar planets to the Earth, more enjoy our own planet.
Each of these new worlds invited a comparison between the planet and the planets that we know better, our solar system.
Take our neighbor, Mars.
Mars is small and reaction and despite being a little longer from the Sun, can consider a potentially high world demonstrate this for a mission like Kenya.
In fact, it's possible that Mars has been habitating in the past, and in part, that's why we studied so much to Mars.
Our books like the Christian disappeared their surface in search for the origins of life as we know it.
The satellites that the organ, like the mission of Mimmission, take samples of the marine atmosphere, and try to understand how Mars has been able to lose their ability.
The private companies now offer not only cost spaces but also the possibility of living in Mars.
But even though all these marine images are reminded us to the challenges of our planet, places that are linked in our imagination with the individual ideas and political ideas in comparison with the Earth, Mars is a pretty terrible place to live in.
We take the expression of the waste areas of our planet who still stay by collective, places really exciting in comparison with Mars.
Even in the most recent places of the Earth is freezing and representation of oxygen explored by our tropical forests.
I was worried that this excitement by the Contractor of Mars and other particular planets are going to be a large and sad strange, and the belief of some that Mars would wait up there to save us from this infinite information of the only planet that we know that it's really hard, Earth.
For a lot of me like the industrial exploration, I'm in deep depression with this idea.
There are many good reasons to go to Mars, but say that Mars will be there to save humanity is like imagine that the captain of the Titanic will tell us that the challenge of truth will be place in the wild boat.   Thank you.
But the goals for international exploration, and the land pressure is not control.
No, they're actually faces of the same common, the goal of understanding and improve life in the future.
The extreme environments in our world are growing up as strange programs.
You just find more about home.
If we can understand how to create and maintain healthy spaces, in the hostile areas and analysis in the Earth, maybe we can satisfy the need to preserve our environment and go beyond that.
I leave you with a mental experiment, the Park Park.
A lot of years ago, the British East started asked, having a question that our universe has existed from a long time, and we hope that there are many planets in this universe, we should have found evidence from foreign life existence to now.
Well, where are they?
Well, a possible solution to the paradox of fear is that when civilizations become enough enough to consider living between the stars, lose the notion of the important thing that is protecting the origin of the planets that were driven this development.
It's an amazing thing to think that only the inevitable colony will save us from ourselves, but the planetary pressure and environmental exploration.
If we really believe in our ability to show the hostile environments of Mars for human pressure, then we should be able to overcome the even easier task to preserve the ability on Earth.
Thank you.
A few years ago, I took my own house.
And while I was in the front of the front of my balls, I realized that I didn't have the keys.
In fact, I could see the window that were in the table, where I had left them.
So quickly I tried to open all the other doors and windows and all of them were fine.
I thought to call a certain cell, at least I had my cell cell, but the metal could take a lot of time to get up, and he made cold.
I couldn't go back home from my friend of Jeff to spend night because I had an early flight to Europe to Europe to the next morning, and my bad map.
It would be expensive, but sure it's not more expensive than a race to half a night, so I thought, despite the circumstances -- it was okay.
I'm a little bit of profession, and I know a little bit about how the brain works under stress.
I release correctly that increases the heart rate, moral levels and nuclear the thought.
And when I got to the democracy teacher in the airport, I realized that I didn't have my passenger.
Well, I had a lot of time to think about those eight hours without dealing.
And I began to wonder, if there was something that could do, systems that could be able to put in their place, which prevent that they have bad things.
Or at least, if you get bad things, which means the probability that it's a total catched.
So I asked me to think about that, but to a month after my thoughts didn't worry.
I was talking with my colleague, Danny Kanha, galaxy of the Nobel Prize and a little breathentightly told him that I broke the window, and that I had forgotten my passenger, and Daniel shared with me that I had been practicing something called a practical record.
It's something that he had learned from the psychologist Garden King, who had written about this a few years before, known as the pressure.
Everybody knows what's the program.
Every time there is a disaster, a team of experts comes and tries to figure out what came wrong, right?
In the principle, as Daniel explain, you look ahead and try to figure out all the things that could be wrong, to contact, try to figure out what you can do to avoid that things are happening or to minimize the damage.
So what I want to talk about with you is about some things that we can do in the form of a pressure.
Some of them are evidence, others are not so efficient.
I'm going to start with the objects.
In the house, I will find a place for things that are easily lost.
This sounds of common sense and it is, but there is a lot of science that supports this topic, based on how our special memory works.
There is a structure in the brain called the hypercome -- which has evolved over thousands of years, to make a sense of the location of the importance of the important things, where it's the good, where the fish trees, where they live their friends and enements.
The ice is the part of the brain that is surrounded in the Taliban Tables.
It's the part of the brain that allows them to find their networks.
And if you ask you if someone really did the experiment, they cut the white sense of the knees and yet they could find your networks.
They didn't use the smell, but the ball, that very evolutionary mechanism of the brain to find things.
But it's really good for things that don't move a lot, not so good for things that are moving.
This is the reason for losing the car of the car galaxies, and players and parts.
So in home, you get a place for the keys, a galaxy together to the door, maybe a depression page.
For his passenger, a particular care.
For their reading records, a particular teacher.
If you get a place and they are proud with them with your things will always be there when you look at them.
What happens with the viruses?
Take the cell a picture of their credit cards, life life, passed, increasing it for the way they are in the cloud.
If these things look like or steal them, this can facilitate the solution.
These are some of the most obvious things.
Remember, when it's under stress, the brain free creature.
The circuitry is toxic and the team of the thought.
So part of the main practice is to recognize that under stress, we're not going to be in the best moment, and you have to put the systems in their site.
And there are perhaps not more sustainable situation that when you face a medical decision.
And at some moment, we all are in that situation, to have to take a very important decision about the future of our medical attention or a wall to help you with a decision.
And so I want to talk about that.
And I'll talk about a very particular medical approach.
But this comes up as a protein for all of medical decisions, and in fact for the topic of financial decisions and social decisions, any kind of decision that you have to take a rational assessment of facts.
So we assume that you go to medicine and the doctor says, "I have the result of the lab and color is a little bit?
They all know that the high soldier is associated with a greater risk of cardiovascular disease, attack to the heart, front of brain.
So one is thinking that having the high colony, it's not the best, then the doctor says, "I'd like to remind a drug that will help you reduce the color, a state.
And perhaps you have heard about states, and you know that it's one of the most represented drugs in the world today. Even it's likely that you know people who take them.
So you think, "Yeah, remember the state?
But there's a question that you have to do then, then a statistics that you have to ask that most doctors don't want to speak to you, and the pharmaceutical companies even less.
It's for New, the number needs to treat it.
And what is this, the New" is?
It's the number of people who have to take a drug or show a surgery in any medical process before you help a person.
And should you think about what kind of design statistics is that?
The number must be one.
My doctor would not remind me something if it wasn't going to help.
But actually, medical practice doesn't work like this.
And it's not a calculation of the doctor, and if you get some of some of the scientists like me.
We haven't understood a lot of a very good self-self-self.
But the explorations of Geranda that 90 percent of drugs works only 30 to 50 percent of the people.
So the number needs to treat the most widely recorded, which is what you think is it?
How many people have to take it before you help a people?
Three.
This is in the research of the clinical Arms research and Paul Harrica, converted in individual form by Beragora.
I really explore the numbers.
So 300 people have to take the medicine for a year before you avoid a single act of heart or the other green event.
Now maybe you think, "Well, one chance in 300 percent of my color.
Why isn't not, dadness?
But then you have to ask you for one more, and it's "Hello" of security effects, right?
For this particular medication, the high effects are produced in five percent of the patients.
And those increasingly disappeared things and a democracy and artistic pain, but now you think, "The five percent is not very likely to me to me, still to take the metaphor.
But a moment.
They remember that under stress.
So you think about how you share this with time, so they don't have to make the radiation chain in the act.
So 300 people take the drug -- right? A person has helped you, five percent of the 300 have high effects, that's 15 people.
You have 15 times more likely to go through the drug of the drug that you help you the medicine.
I don't say they should or not take the station.
I just say you have this conversation with your doctor.
The medical ethics is a part of the beginning of informed consciousness.
We have access to have access to this kind of information to start the conversation about whether you want to take risks or not.
You may be thinking that I've launched this number on the air by the value of the car, but actually this number needs to try to try is quite typical about it.
For the surgery that more in the most 50 percent of the pressure of cancer, the number needs to try to treat is 49 percent.
So 40 surgeries for one person who has help.
And the high effects in that case, they produce in 50 percent of the patients.
Those includes the importance or distributed distributed, an actual region of recordeen, recently perfectly.
And if you get lucky, and it's one of that 50 percent of the effects just to be a year or two.
So the idea of the premise is to think about time the questions that you can plan to make the conversation forward.
You don't have to make all this in the act.
And they also want to think about the quality of life.
Because you have a choice of a lot of times, you want a more short life of pain, or a longer life that could have a lot of pain to the end."
These are the things that you speak and think about now, with their family and their loved beings.
You can change of opinion in the middle of time, but as you're trained in this kind of thinking.
Remember, our brain free correctly under stress, and one of the things that happens at that moment is that they get a lot of systems.
There is an evolutionary reason for this.
In front of the face with a predator -- it's not necessary the digital system, or the book or the immune system, because if the body is spending the metabolism in those things, it doesn't react to representation. They might be the height of the lens, so nothing of that important.
Unfortunately, one of the things that goes through the window for those moments is the rational logical thinking like Daniel Kanger and their colleagues have shown away.
So we have to try to try to think about the future to this kind of situation.
I think the important thing here is to recognize that we are all definition.
We're all going to fail in the time.
The idea is to think about the future how they could be those fails, to put the systems in the place that will help you minimize the day, or to avoid that bad things happen in the first place.
Relieve the night night in Montana, when I went back from my journey, my contractor inspired me a combination of combination next to the door, with a key way of the power door in the same way, a easy way to remember it.
And I have to admit that I still have lots of letters that I have no order -- and lots of messages that I haven't learned.
So I'm not very organization, but I see the organization as a gradual process and I'm doing it.
Thank you very much.
Internet, Diana is my favorite music.
It means to play simple.
If you're touching a musical instrument and you see a piece on the stage, you need to play more simulated.
Two percent, even more surface.
Four percent, extremely simple.
This is my drawing of a skin, there you see that it doesn't matter how many thousands and thousands of you can have never come to a silence.
That's my current definition of silence, a very dark sound.
I would like to share a little bit about the history of the American system, the AIDS, in addition of a little story.
The language of the French signs came up for the 1930s, and with the time of time, it's mixed with local signs, and it's developed the language that we know like AIDS.
So it has a story of about 200 years.
I was born a serious, and they taught me to believe that the sound was not a part of my life.
And I thought it was true.
However, I realize that it's not true for anything.
The sounds are a very important part of my life, they're actually in my mind every day.
As a little person who lives in a world of sounds -- it's like I lived in a foreign country, following certainly their rules, college, behaviors and normal normally without them.
So how do you understand the society?
Well, I see how people behave and respond to sound.
People are like my shoes and address the sound.
I learned and copy that behavior.
At the same time, I've learned that I can create sound, and I've seen how people respond to.
So I've learned for example.
No dollars down?
Don't make a lot of noise to eat the freedom of the French papers?
No really, and when you're eating it, you don't get the crows in the planet?
This is all called "The sound "search" "search" "search" "search" "the sound.
Maybe I think about the sound of sounds more than the average person did.
I'm a surveillance of sound.
And I'm always waiting with neurosciences the sound, about which is to come to contact.
From there, this drawing.
TD:
"School, to continue.
TBP:
You can see that the program has no notes in the lines.
That's because the lines are getting sounds through subtle and manufacture.
In the Swedish culture, the movement is equivalent to sound.
This is the signal for "The School in the AIDS.
A typical program has five lines.
However, for me, I will do the self with my thumb that is not natural feel.
That's why in my drawings, I only have four lines in the paper.
In 2009, I had the opportunity to travel to Berlin, Germany, for an artistic reference there.
Before this time, I had worked as a painting.
During this summer, I visited museums and spaces of different galaxies, and as I was a place to another, I realized that there was no visual art there.
At that moment, the sound was the tendency and that called me the attention.
There was no visual art, everything was authority.
Now the sound has been trained in my territory of art.
Is it going to be more from the art?
I realized that it doesn't have to be like this.
In fact, I know the sound.
I know it as well as it's not only experiment through the eyes.
I can sense it differently, or it can experience it visit, or even as an idea.
So I decided to reclaim the sounds of sounds and integrate it in my artistic practice.
And everything I had taught me in the way to sound, I decided to leave it and reach it.
I began to create a new job of work.
And when I presented it to the artistic community, I was intrigued with the amount of support and attention that I received it.
I realized that sound is like money, the power, the contract, contract.
In the bottom of my mind, I always felt that the sound was a time, it was a little bit of a child.
And the sound is so powerful that I could afford me and my artistic work, or I could be able to buy.
I chose that I would ask me.
There is a massive culture in the ground of the language.
And just because I don't use my free voice to communicate, to the eyes of society is like it didn't have a voice in all.
So I have to work with people who can support me as well as I can support in my voice.
So I'm able to be relevant in the current society.
So in school and institutions, I work with many different interests of AIDS.
And their voice becomes my voice and identity.
They help me be listening.
And their voices have value and weight.
And ironically, when you ask their voices -- I'm able to keep a temporary form of value something like having a very high interest rate.
If I didn't continue with this practice, I feel that it could be developed in the forgotten and not having any social value.
So with the sound as my new artistic environment, deep in the world of music.
And I was surprised to see the similarities between music and AIDS.
For example, a musical note can't capture and express in the paper.
And the same thing can tell you about a concept in AIDS.
The two are very special and highly motivated what it means that subtle changes can affect all the meaning as much of the signals like the sounds like sound.
I'd like to share a metaphor of the piano, so they understand better how the HIV.
So imagine a piano.
The DNA is divided in many different gravitational parts.
If you add a different picture for every finger while you touch the piano, like facial expression -- the model of the body, the model, the shape of the hand and so as you put the piano, the English is a linear language, as if you put it only a time at the time.
However, HIV is more like a room, you need the 10 fingers in similar form to express a clear concept or idea in AIDS.
If you just have a tendency to change the sidewalk, it would create a completely different meaning.
The same thing happens with music in the way to the man, both and volume.
In Germany, when you use these different gravitational parameters can be spread different ideas.
For example, the standard signal in that?
This is the standard signal in that."
I'm looking at you.
Look at it.
Oh, I was game.
The one.
What are you looking like?
Oh, right?
So I put me thinking, and if I see HIV through the meaning of music?
If I had to create a century and it repeat it again and again, it could be a piece of visual music.
For example, this is the seventh of "Hey, the sun goes out and you put it.
This is all the day.
If you repeat it and reduce the speed, it looks like a musical piece.
Every day.
I feel that the same can tell you about all the night.
"All night.
This is all night.
And this led me to think about about three different types of nights -- "The English, "The night?
I feel that the third has more musical than the other two.
This represents how time the time is spread in HIV, and how the distance of the body can express changes in time.
For example, one year. It's a hand, two years old. It's two hands, the present is more close and in front of the body, the future is in front of the body and the past is in the street.
So the first example is a long time.
Then "the labor, "So "Standard -- and the last one, which is my favorite -- with a very romantic idea of a very romantic idea, and I had a time."
Time common is a musical term with a specific pace of four times per company.
However, when I see the word "The word "I think automatically in the same time.
Look at MIT, hand right -- MIT, hand.
We have the program through the head and the chest.
(Super, far the Common "Time "The Chick -- my grandmother, I'm going to teach you a form of the hand called "The flowers of the hand called "The "play wall.
Can you do it with me?
All of the hands in high hands.
We're now going to do it so much in the head as the chest, something like the common time or "The same time.
Yeah, very good.
That means "I will be sent in the international system.
The international system, as a note is a visual tool to help communicate in all cultures and languages around the world.
The second thing I would like to teach you is this -- please take me again again.
And now this.
It means "Children's in the AIDS.
Now, the third -- please look back again.
And again.
It's "beginess in the AIDS.
We're going to do the three together.
"Let's "level "the "Children?
Well, I work all of them.
You see how the three signs are very similar -- everyone happens in the head and the chest. But they transmit very different.
It's amazing to see how HIV is alive and pressure, as the music.
However, we live in a very activity world.
And just because the DNA has no sounds of sounds -- automatically no social value.
We need to begin to question what the social value defines the social value and allow the DNA to develop their own value, without sound.
And this could be a step to make a more inclusive society.
And perhaps people understand that you don't have to be ready to learn AIDS: you don't have to hear to learn music.
The HIV is a brain right and I'd like to have the same experience.
I'd like to invite you to open their ears, open the eyes to participate in our culture and experience of our visual language.
And you never know, you can be able to get sure of us.
Thank you.
Delinese Karsana: Hey, that's me.
As a kid, my parents say, "Can you try it everything, but then you have to be a camera of them?
The freedom involves responsibility.
But my imagination took me to all these wonderful places, where everything was possible.
So I grew up in a business bubble or a business bubble to say, because the adults lie us to protect the awful truth.
By getting older, I found that adults are also studying and that they're not really good to clean the others.
The time, now I'm an adult and international teaching and invention in the Harvard Kong.
You don't have to wait a lot for my students to walk through the beach of baby motions.
So as a good citizens, we clean the beach, and no, it's not being a solar blood, and if you are, I didn't know.
It's sad to say, but now over 80 percent of the oceans contain plastic.
It's kind of school.
And in the last decades, we've been going up with these big business and networks, to collect those plastic bits to study them under the microscope, and we call them and we collected this information in a map.
But it lasts an energy and it's very expensive, and it's also very risky.
So along with my students, with ages of six to 15 years old, we are to invent a better way.
We've transformed our child in Hong Kong in a state.
We began to build this job of work with an amazing team so that children really can participate.
And I'm going to tell you, the kids who manipulate electric tools are feeling great, and secure.
Not exactly.
Let's go back to plastic.
We collected the plastic and we reduce it to the size that we find it in the ocean, which is very small, because of its fragile.
That we do.
I leave the image of my students.
My job is trying to take the best ideas of every child and try to combine them into something that we hope it works.
We decided that instead of collecting plastic bits of plastic.
By the use of a robot, we take a picture of this plastic -- kids are excited a lot with the robots.
And then we created quickly what we call a protection.
We're so fast in the creation of prototypes that we end before they save before lunch.
And we transformed light and camera cameras, and we put it in a floating robot that will move slowly by the water and the plastic that we have there, and this is the image captured by the robot.
We see the plastic bits floating through the sensor while the computer computer is going to process this image and measure the size of every particle to get an architecture of the amount of plastic in the water.
We document this invention step in a website for inventors called "Southern Internet, with the hope that someone else else else.
The great thing in this project is that the students saw a local problem, and the political problem, they're trying to solve it immediately.
I can investigate my local problem, but my students in Hong Kong are very well information.
You see the news, you get the Internet, and they played with this image.
A kid, perhaps less than 10 years old, cleaning a oil oil -- just using the hands, in Streets, the largest sea manager in Bangladesh.
They were very surprised because this is the water that drink, is the water in which they be based, the water where they live, the place where they live.
You can see also the water is market, the neighborhood and oil are also completely marriage and when everything is mixed -- it's very difficult to see what there is in the water.
But there's a simple technology called species, which allows you to see what's in the water.
We build a very first prototype of a school that can clean through all kinds of substance that produce different species, which can help identify what's in the water.
We take this prototype with a sensor and we send it to Bangladesh.
The great thing about this project is that beyond solving a local problem, or to analyze a local problem, my students used their empathy and their sense of creativity to help other children.
I can investigate a problem to distance and I saw me forced to make a second experiment, and I wanted to go a little bit later, maybe to make a more difficult problem, and also more close to me.
I'm half a Japanese and half Farthern and perhaps remember, that in 2011, there was a devastating earthquake in Japan.
It was so violent that they represent various giant waves, called terrorism, and those tsunami destroyed several cities in the coast of Japan.
Over 14 people died in a moment.
It also gives the nuclear energy plant, a nuclear center near the water.
And today, according to an average of 300 tons are still funding the nuclear plant in the Pacific Ocean.
Today, all the Pacific Ocean.
If we go to the west coast, we can measure the radiation of the Christmas everywhere.
But if we look at the map, it seems like most of the radiation comes out of the Japanese cost, and most of time, has a safe aspect -- it's blue.
Well, reality is a little more complicated than that.
I've come back to Curvil every year from the accident and research in other scientists, the land, the river, and this time we want to take the children.
Of course we didn't take them, parents didn't afford them.
But each night, we reported the control center, here you see the use of different muscle.
I could look like that they didn't take the work, but they were doing it because they're going to have to live with radiation all his life.
Together with them we discuss the collected data that day and we talk about what we were going to do later, the strategies, the open, and so on.
And to do this, we create a routine graduate map of the region around the nuclear energy plant.
We create the map of evolution, we made pictures to represent data in real time of radiation, and we reduce water to simulate the rain.
With this we could notice that the radical dust was discovered from the top of the mountain to the freedom system and depression in the ocean.
It was an activity essence.
But with based on this we organize a civil expedition -- the closest to the nuclear central to the front.
We are going to take up to 1.5 miles of the nuclear center, and with the help of fishing teachers we were picking away from the sea milk to measure that we invent and build.
Here we see a program, we've gone from a local problem to a remote problem, to a global problem.
And it's been very exciting to work in these different scales, also with open-source technologies and very simple.
But at the same time, it's been increasingly more frustrating because we've only been starting to measure the damage we have done.
We haven't even started trying to solve the problems.
I wonder if we should give the leap and try to invent better ways to do all these things.
So the classroom became a little bit smaller, so we found an industrial installation in Hong Kong and we turn it in the largest space dedicated to social and environmental impact.
It's in the Hong Kong Center, and it's a place where we can work with wood, metal metal, a little bit of biology, of practice, you can be built almost all over there.
It's also a place where adults and kids can play together.
It's a place where the dreams of kids can actually be done with adult aid, and where adults can be kids again.
Students, restaurant? Responsibility?
Care Darwin, we ask things like, we can invent the future of mobility with renewable energy?
For example.
Or are we able to help the population of the average population population transforming their chairs of the standard strategies in new electrical vehicles.
The plastic, oil and radiation are real, but the worst legacy we can leave our kids are the lies.
We can't afford to protect kids in the horrible truth, because we need their imagination to invent solutions.
So citizens scientists, creatures, strange, we have to prepare the next generation to be worried about the environment and people, and so that I can actually do something about it.
Thank you.
Two twin cells, two relatively opposite cultures.
One is made of thousands of a side of steel, the other one of a single child of silk.
One of them is synthetic -- the other organic one.
One is important about the environment, the other thing it is.
One is designed by nature.
Michael King said that when he looked at the sea magnet, I saw a picture that fought for being free.
The chair was only a nice member of Michella.
But the living beings are not center.
They grow.
And in the smallest units of life, the cells, we take all the information it takes it for every cell to work and represent.
The tools also have consequences.
At least from the Industrial Revolution, the world of design has been dominated by the prices of manufacturing and production in mass.
The sea lines have given a world made of parts -- running the image of designers and architects to think of their objects as a transportation of different parts with different functions.
But you don't find computer material in nature.
Think about human skin for example.
Our facial skin are departmentally departmentally departmentally department.
The skin characters are more groups with small parts.
You act very much as a financial decade, and yet it's the same skin -- there's no parts, there's no algorithms.
It's a system that will be grateful by the variation of electricity.
Here's a divided screen that represent my vision of the divided world, the double personality of every design and architecture to work right now between the chair and the gene, between the mastern and the growth, between Henry Ford and Charles Darwin.
These two views of the world, my left hemisphere and the right, analysis and feelings, is shown in the two screens after me.
My work, in its simplest level, tries to join these two views of the world, become the transportation and represent growth.
You probably wonder, "What now?
Why was this about 10 or even five years?
We live in a very special moment in history, a weird moment, where they drive four dimensions that offers designers that we never had access to before.
And in the intersection of these four fields, my team and I created it.
Please you know the minds and the hands of my students.
We design objects, products, structures and tools through scales, of large scale, like this robotic arm with a 24 feet of diameter with a class of 24 feet with a subject that some day not very long to print external buildings.
Here we have reinvented the sky, an architectural of the ancient Arab architecture, and it has created a screen where every artist is unique to model the shape of light and heat through it.
In our next project, we explore the possibility of creating a layer and a face. This was for a mass of death of Paris with Iran van Series -- it's like a second skin made from a single piece of person, graduate around the painting.
Together with collaboration 3D Streets, we print this layer and spent 3D dance without costs between cells. I'll show you more objects like that.
This helmet combine red materials and white in the resolution of 20 minutes.
This is the resolution of a human hair.
It's also the resolution of a CEO school.
That designers have access to this high solution of resource and synthetic instruments, allows us to design products that are adapted not only the shape of our bodies, but also the physical structure of our tissues.
We have also designed an acoustic chair -- a chair at the structure of the structure, comfortable and also that absorbed sound.
The professor Professor, my collaborator, we went back to the nature to inspire you, and when we design this regular surface, it becomes solving.
We print this surface of 40 different properties that vary in precise, obesity and color.
Her surface, as in nature, it would see its functionality not by the attention of another material or another an an an an an an an algorithm, but struggling the material property.
But is the ideal information?
There are no parts in nature?
I didn't grew me in a religious Jewish home, but when I was young, my grandmother told me stories from the Hebrew Bible and one of them was asked and got to define a lot of what I was important.
As she releases, "In the third day of creation, God killed the Earth to grow a professional freedom tree.
For that first frontal tree, there would be no difference between track, radio, leaves and freedoms.
All the tree was a freedom.
Instead, the Earth did grow trees with bats, correctly, talent and flowers.
The Earth creates a world made of parts.
I often ask me, "What would design if the objects are done from a single piece?
Will we go back to a better state of creation?
So we look for the biblical material, the kind of material tree with fruit trees, and we found it.
The second most abundant biology on the planet is called quality, and about 100 million tons are produced every year by organisms like strange, graduate and searching and market.
We think that if we could synthesize their properties -- we could generate multiple structures in a single piece.
So that's what we did.
We call it the legal market.  We asked a lot of letters of started, the molecules and we produced the character.
It would be able to be able to be able to achieve a range of properties from dark, from dark, hard and operation, to light and transparency.
In order to print a big scale, it was built a system with multiple business business business.
The robot could vary the properties of the material on the march and create these structures made from one material three feet of long, 100 percent recognition.
When the pieces are ready, you leave them to find a natural way to the contact with the air.
So why do we keep design with plastic.
The air bubbles that were an authority of the printing process were used to contain photographs that were going to be the first time in the planet three billion years ago, as we heard about yesterday.
Together with our colleagues in Harvard, and the MIT, we increase the bacteria designed genetically to capture rapidly carbon from the atmosphere and turn it into sugar.
For the first time, we have been able to generate structures that make their transition without a bad time, and if you get even more, you know.
A professional carbon tree.
I work with an ancient material, one of the first forms of life on the planet, with a little bit of synthetic biology, we have transformed a structure made of cameras to stay in an architecture that is shared as a tree.
And here is the best part, for objects designed to be distributed, put in the sea, feed the marine life, and put on the ground, help grow a tree.
The air for our next exploration using the same design principles was the solar system.
We look at the possibility of creating clothes to keep the life for international travel.
In order to do that, we need to make the bacteria and control their flow.
So as the periodic table, we did our own table table, new forms of life created computational and very sure subjective form of biological.
I like to think about synthetic biology as the liquid algal, just that instead of getting precise metal metals -- they have new biological officials within very small channels.
This field is called microbial.
We print our own 3D channels to control the flow of these liquid bacterial cards.
In our first piece of clothes, they combine two microbial pieces.
The first is the care.
It lives in our oceans, and in our own water states.
And the second one, E. solar, the bacteria that happens in the human mind.
You turn the light in sugar, the other sugar consumer and produces useful biologists for the environment.
But these two microbes don't interact in nature.
In fact, they never known.
They are here, designed for the first time, to have a relationship in a piece of clothes.
Think of it as evolution, not by natural selection, but evolution for design.
In order to keep these relationships, we've created a only channel, which shows the digital treatment, which will help you that they fight these bacteria and to bring their way in the way.
So we started to grow those channels in the human body, looking at the properties of the material in the death of it.
If we wanted more programs, we have more transparent channels.
This particular digital system, when it comes out of an extreme to another, it would be 60 feet.
This is half of the length of a football field, and 10 times more than our legacy institution.
And here it is, as a principle in TED, our first particular psychologist, brilliant flowers with life inside the clothes.
Thank you.
Mary Schapper said, "We are creature streets of wood, only half is done.
What happens if design provides the other math?
And if we could create structures that increase life material?
And if we were able to create personal microbial microbes that are looking at our skin, they repair the damage tissue and sustain our bodies.
Think about this as a way to edit biology.
I call this material.
For that, you always have to go back to nature.
So now you know that an average 3D printer in layers.
You also know that nature doesn't do that.
It grows something.
This call of the group of grandmother, for example, creates a highly sophisticated architecture, a home inside which is memory.
The manufacturing is no longer about this level of software.
It makes it through the combination of two materials, but from two proteins in different concepts.
One act as a structure, the other one is the glue or the mathematic, holding those fibers between yes.
And this happens through scales.
The silk subject is press in the environment, creates a tension structure, and then starts to child a company company.
The tension and compassion, the two forces of life, are killed in a single material.
With the end of understanding how this complex process works, we put a small magnet to the head of a silk subjective, to the dialogue.
We put it inside a box with magnetic sensors, and that enabled us to create this cloud of dots in three dimensions and visualize the architectural organization of the sun graphic ball.
However, when you put the silk subject in a flat park, not within a box, we realized that it was a flat call and still make sense of it.
So we started designing different environments, different animals, and we have discovered that the shape -- the compassion, the structure structure is directly transportational by the environment.
You often get the silk worms to death in the death inside their career, their silk gets rid and used in textile industry.
We saw that design these plants we can be able to shape the king tissue without a single capture.
They were standing together, and we could create these things.
So we scale this process to architectural scale.
We had a child robot making sea plays, and we put it in our site.
We knew that the silk worms to more dark and cold, so we use a sunlight of sunlight to reveal the distribution of light and heat in our structure.
So we create holes or arrains, to block the rays of light and the heat, destroying the silk worms about structure.
We were prepared to receive the organizations.
We asked 650 pounds of silk in the line.
And after you feed them four weeks, they were prepared to child with us.
We put them carefully in the bottom, and as they were based, and as they were based, they were all over, they were all about them, and life starts again, like us, but a lot more expensive.
But Bush Force said the tension is the great integrity, and it was right.
The child has a biological silk on the blue silk of the blue silk -- they give all this partner its interaction.
And in a little more than two or three weeks, 75 miles of silk take 650 miles.
In a similar curiosity, this is also the length of the silk of the tissue.
The police after the economist, they produce 1.5 million eggs.
This could be used for 250 additional plans in the future.
So here are the two views of the world.
A child silk through a robotic arm, the other empty camera.
If the last design of design is going to life to products and buildings that surround us, to form a two materials, designers have to join these two views of the world.
What brings us back to us, of course, at the beginning.
Here is a new age of design, a new age of creation, which brings us from an inspired design in nature to a natural information in the design of us, for the first time, that we make care of nature.
Thank you.
Thank you very much. Thank you.
Raise the hand if you've ever asked, "What do you want to be more more more?
If you had to remember what age had when you asked them for the first time to you?
You can show you with the fingers.
Three: Five. Five. Five. Five. Five.
Now, raise your hand if you want to be more more moment?
It has changed some kind of anxiety.
Any anxiety.
I'm someone who could never answer the question "What wants to be more more more?
The problem was not that I had no interest, but I had too much.
In school I loved the English -- the teachers and the art and I developed the website. In addition, I played the guitar.
Maybe you've heard about us.
And in general, I like to try and pursue from all ways, for having given a lot of time and energy and sometimes money in this field.
But with time this sense of absolutely, this sense of the strategy, this is already not a challenge, it comes to be sending.
And I have to leave it.
But then I'm interested in another thing, something completely different, and I was in it, and I let me absorb and feel like, "Yes, I've found the month, and then again, this point where I start to remove it.
And finally, I want to leave it.
But then I would like to discover something new and different, and I'd like to talk about that.
This pattern causes me a lot of anxiety, for two reasons.
The first one was because I was not sure how it was going to turn all this in a career.
I thought I had to choose one thing to pursue all of my other passions -- and they will be able to remove it.
Another reason I got so much more a little more person.
I was worried that there was something bad in this, and something bad in me for not to define anything.
I was worried to have fear of compassion, or to be design, or to exploration or my own success.
If you can relate my story and these feelings, I would like to ask you something that I'd like to be planted then.
Ask themselves, where they learned to make the meaning of bad or massive to do things.
I'm going to tell you where they learned it from the culture.
Do you ask us to be a lot of moment?
When we have about five years old.
And the truth is that nobody matters what you tell that age.
It was considered an engineering question to provide financial answers in children like "Startoman or "Starton or "I want to be particular."
Think of the distribution of Danian here.
So this question is about over and again as we grow in different ways, and the eye, to high school students are asked to be asked in college.
And at some moment, what do you want to be more more?
It happens to be the full exercise of before the dream.
Why?
If this question inspired kids to be with what they might be, not inspired to be with everything they might be.
In fact, it does just the opposite, because when someone asks you what you want to be, you can't respond with 20 different things -- even though adult adults are going to be a lot and say, "Oh, what literally, but you can't be artistic and physician.
You have to choose them?
This is Dr. Bob Chinese -- and he's artistic and privilege.
And this Name Nation, I hate back in an authority, entrepreneurial teacher and creative direction.
But most kids don't hear about people like this.
All you know is that they're going to have to choose it.
But it's more than that.
The notion of private life is very identified in our culture.
It's this idea of the fate or the real volume, the idea that every one of us has something to do for your time in this land, and you have to figure out what that thing is that thing and determine your life to it.
But if you're someone who isn't connected in this way?
What if there are a lot of different issues that wake their curiosity and many different things that you want to do?
There is no place for someone like one in that market.
And so you can feel alone.
You can feel that there's no goal.
And feeling there's something bad with one.
There is nothing bad in you.
You are a musical subjective.
A multi-production is someone with many interests and creative activities.
It's a ball for me to say.
It could help you if you divide in three parts, multiple potential, potential and damage.
You can also use other terms that contain the same idea, as a representation, relationship.
In the time of the Reneas, the ideal was who was okay in multiple discovery discovery.
Barbaga Street is reflected to us as "Fenging?
They use any term that you like or invent your own.
It seems like a kind of adaptable to a community, we can't agree with a single identity.
It's easy to see the crowd as limited or acceleration that you have to sell up.
But what I've learned talking with people and writing about these ideas in my website, is that there are huge forces to be this way.
Here's three multi-production surfaces.
One, the synthesis of ideas.
It's saying, the combination of two or more fields and creation of something new in the interaction.
Steve Hanth and Rachel Biologically spread their interests shared in carding, vision of data, video, mathematics and design -- to work Mexico.
Memorial is a company that creates grades inspired geometrically.
And Shanta and Rapare came up this unique idea for his exploration of skills and experiences.
The innovation happens in insects.
From there is the new ideas.
And the musical with all of their ancestors, they can access a lot of these training points.
The second chemical support is the fast learning.
When the Muslims are interested by something, we go to it.
We see everything we can have in our hands.
We're used to be principles, for having been a lot of times in the past, and this means that we have less fear of testing new things and come out of our comfort areas.
A lot of skills are transparent to other dinosaurs, and we bring all that we have learned to every new area that we prevent, so we rarely start from zero.
New Chinese is a complete time and interested interaction.
As a child particular is an amazing ability to develop the molecular memory.
Now, she is the fastest mechanism of it.
Before it turned up in writing, North was financial planning.
I had to learn the most final sales when I started their practices -- and this ability helps me write conventional levels for educations.
It rarely is a loss of time to go to what you add to you, even if the end on the end.
It's possible to apply that knowledge in a completely different field, in a way that you could not have prevention.
The third multi-production subjective is absolutely, the ability to transform in any thing that you need in a given situation.
Art Carago is sometimes director of videos -- others design designer, sometimes constant to Kick, sometimes mathematical -- and sometimes by the way, James Book.
It's valuable because it makes a good job.
He is even more valuable because it can be able to take away developmentally, depending from the needs of their customers.
The magazine Facebook Common was defined as the most important ability for development, to protect in the 21st century.
The economic world changes so quickly and important that they are the individuals and organizations that can be able to satisfy the needs of the market, which is really propose.
Tenths of ideas, fast learning and addiction, three skills where Muslims are very horribly, and three skills that could lose if they're prepared to reduce their goals.
As a society, we have a great interest to feed the molecules to make them themselves.
We have complex problems, multiple right now, and we need creative creative perceptions to do front of them.
Let's say they are, in your heart of special.
They came out of the belly knowing that they wanted to be predictable research.
They don't worry, there's nothing bad in you.
In fact, some of the best teams are competing from a space and a male male.
And the space can be looking at deep and putting ideas and the multi-production of knowledge to the project.
It's a beautiful relationship.
But we all should design lives and careers that are manipulated with how we're connected.
And unfortunately, to the multiple multiple of them in a large part of them to just be more like their specialized companies.
Once he said this, if there's one thing that you get from this talk, I hope it is this: Remember with the inner care, is what it is.
If you are a heart of heart, then, especially all the media.
That's where you get the best of you.
But for the Muslims in the room, including those who just realized to be one of them in the last 12 minutes,  I tell you, recognize with their many passions for you.
Keep your curiosity for those control markets.
They explore insects.
It takes us to a more authentic and happy life.
And perhaps the most important, multiple molecules, the world needs?
Thank you.
In the year 1990, to a woman called the Australia in Francettan.
And so many of them would describe and couldn't remember the most basic details of their life.
His doctor was called Allences.
And I didn't know how to help anyone, but I was going back for her until unfortunately defined in 1990.
After his death, Allen made an authority and found strange and emergence plans in the authority brain, from a kind of kind of kind of kind of see.
The most amazing thing.
If anyone would have been living today, we couldn't give it to her more help that Allen gave you 14 years ago.
It was the Dr. Alaban Alzheimer's Allence.
And the first patient to receive a diagnosis that we now call from Alzheimer's disease.
Since 1950, medicine has advanced a lot.
They have discovered antibiotics and vaccines to protect you from infection -- many treatments for cancer -- artists for HIV, stations for the cars, and so much more.
But it has been programmed in the treatment of Alzheimer's treatment.
I'm part of a team of scientists that work to find a cure for Alzheimer's more than a decade.
So I think about this all the time.
The Alzheimer's now affect 40 million around the world.
But in 2005, I will affect 150 million of you.
If you expect to live up to eight years or more, the possibility of hiring Alzheimer's will be almost one of every two.
In other words, there is the probability that they spend their years away with Alzheimer's or helping a friend or be dear with Alzheimer's walking.
It's only in the U.S., the care of Alzheimer's cost costs 200 billion every year.
One of five dollars of medical assistance is spending in the Hespace of Alzheimer's disease.
Today is the most expensive disease, and their costs lost an increase of five times in the year 2000, as a generation of the bamboo baby.
You may be surprised to you, but Alzheimer's one of the biggest doctors and social challenges of our generation.
But it's done relatively little to compare it.
Today, one of the 10 causes of death around the world, Alzheimer's is the only one that you can't prevent or cure or even reflect their development.
We understand less from Alzheimer's than other diseases because we've invested less time and money in the same research.
The U.S. spend 10 times more every year in the acceleration of cancer that in Alzheimer's despite the fact that it costs us more Alit and causes a similar annual number of deaths like cancer.
The lack of resources is due to a more fundamental cause -- the lack of consciousness.
Because this is what a few people know, but all the world should be. The Alzheimer's is a disease, and we can cure it.
For most of the last 14 years, all of the scientists, connect Alzheimer's with aging.
We think that it will be sounds in a normal and inevitable part of aging.
But there's only looking at a picture of a healthy individual brain in comparison with a patient of Alzheimer's to see the real physical damage caused by this disease.
In addition to defend a loss loss of memory and mental skills, the day to the brain caused by Alzheimer's self-self-self-self-s life and is always murder.
Remember, Dr. Alzheimer's found plants and strange emerges in the toy brain.
For almost a century, we didn't know a lot about this.
Today we know that they're made of protected molecules.
You can think of a protein molecule like a piece of paper, which is a piece of paper.
There are places in the paper.
And when it gets good, these sticky dots end on the inside.
But sometimes things go wrong, and some sticky dots stay on the outside.
And this makes the protein molecules are paying each other, forming groups that can be great and objectives.
That's what we see in the process of patients with Alzheimer's patients.
We've spent the last 10 years in the University of Cambridge trying to understand how this discovery works.
There are many steps -- and the identify of what happens to block is complex, like described a bomb.
Correct a cable could do anything.
Correct the others can make the experiment.
You have to find the right step that the black step is to create a drug I do it.
Until recently, most of you have reduced the wires and expected the best thing.
But there are now a diverse group of people, doctors, biology, genes, genetics, generations and mathematics.
And together, we've managed to identify a critical step in the process -- now it's testing a new type of drugs that blocked specifically this step to stop the disease.
I'll show you some of our last results.
No one outside our lab has seen it yet.
Let's see a few videos of what happened to test these drugs in genomes.
These are the healthy, and you can see that they move with normal.
These genomes, on the other hand, have the protein molecules that are paying between each other, as in human with Alzheimer's with Alzheimer's with Alzheimer's with Alzheimer's with Alzheimer's with Alzheimer's with Alzheimer's with Alzheimer's with Alzheimer's with Alzheimer's with Alzheimer's with Alzheimer's with Alzheimer's with Alzheimer's with Alzheimer's with Alzheimer's with Alzheimer's with Alzheimer's with Alzheimer's with Alzheimer's with Alzheimer's with Alzheimer's with Alzheimer's with Alzheimer's with Alzheimer's with
And you can see that they're clearly sick.
But when we give our new drugs to these worms in a early stage, then we see that they were going and live a normal life.
This is just a positive previous outcome, but research like this shows that Alzheimer's is a disease that we can understand and cure.
After 114,000 years of hope, there is real hope of what can be done in the next 10 or 20 years.
But so that I can create that hope, to sell the Germany, we need help.
It's not about scientists like me, it's about you.
We need to consider that Alzheimer's is a disease and if we try it, we can see it.
In the case of other diseases and their families and their families have gone more research and lower pressure about governments, pharmaceutical industries, about scientists and legal industry.
That was essential to move in the TED treatment in the late 1980s.
Today we see that same unit to sell cancer.
But the patients of Alzheimer's often can't speak for themselves.
And their families, the hidden victims of their loved walls day and nights are often too much ready to go out and get the change.
So you really depend out of you.
The Alzheimer's not in most cases a genetic disease.
All the world with a brain runs the risk.
Today, there are 40 million patients like any of patients like any of them who can't create the change they need for themselves.
Help you talk about them, and they help be a cure.
Thank you.
I published this article in the New York Times, in January of this year.
In order to join someone doing this.
The article is about a psychological study, designed to create romantic love in the lab, and my own experience to try to test myself a night of the past.
So the prediction is quite simple, two strange extra to make 30 questions every time more personal and then both look at the eyes without talking for four minutes.
Here's a couple of questions.
Number 12, if you could wake up with a quality or skills, what would it be?
Number #2: When it was the last time I cried to other people?
And right?
As you move up, these are increasingly more personal.
Number 30 -- this really like me -- he says to your partner what you hit out of him or she -- I know very close this time, and I gave things that you wouldn't say someone who has ever known.
When I got this study a few years ago, a detail really called me the attention, the joke that two of the participants had been married six months after and invited all of the lab to the cell.
So it was skeptical about this process of making romantic love, but from then, I was also interviewed.
And when I had the opportunity to test this study, with someone who knew not particularly very well, I didn't expect to explore.
We can't be excited, and   And I thought it was a good story, so he sent it to the Movement Amy Movement a few months later.
That was published in energy, and now it's almost admitted, so I guess that some of you probably wonder, follow together?
And the reason I think is because I've done this question over and again in the last seven months.
And this question is just what I want to talk about today.
But let's go back to the issue.
One week before you put the article was very nervous.
I had been working in a romantic book in the last few years, so I had been going to write about my experience in romantic love in my pocket.
But a blog common can get a few hundred views like a lot, and those were only about my friends of Facebook and imagine that my article in the New York Times is going to be probably about thousands of videos.
And that corresponds a good amount of attention in a relatively new relationship.
But as a day, I had no idea.
The article was published in line on the night, and the street, this happened in the traffic of my blog block.
And the management, I had already called the Tome Shape and the American Monterey.
In a month, the article received over eight million views and I was to say something, little prepared for this kind of attention.
One thing is to shape the trust writing with similar experiences -- but another thing is to discover that the loving life of one has been international news -- and that people around the world are really interested in the state of your new relationship.
And when people call or wrote, what they did every day for weeks -- always, they did the same question: They still follow together?
In fact, when I was preparing this talk, I made a quick search in the mission of my email with the first, "Do you follow together?
And a number of messages came up.
They were about students and journalists and corresponds like this.
I was interviewed in the radio and asked it.
Even I gave a talk, and a woman grew up to the stage, "Hey, "Where is your next next?
And I immediately put me.
I think this is part of the treatment.
If you write about your relationship in an international day, you should expect people feel comfortable to ask about it.
But I was not prepared for the responsibility of the answer.
The 35 questions seemed to have come up life life.
In fact, the New York Times published a chemical article for San Valley, which includes the experiences of readers to test the study in them with different kinds of success.
So my first professional to all this attention was to be very respected with my own relationship.
I said not to every sense that we were both going to make a public action together.
I read television interviews, and you read the pieces of pictures of us for us.
I think I was afraid of becoming the greenhouse chemicals of the environmental process -- a bank for which I didn't feel like the careful case.
And I understand that people didn't want to know just if the study worked, they wanted to know if it really worked, or it was, if it was able to produce a lot of prevention, not just an adventure, but love real love love love.
But this was a question that I didn't feel able to answer.
My relationship was just a few months ago, and I felt about everything that people planted the wrong question.
How do you know if we keep together or not, and you do decide?
If the answer was not, it would make the experience of doing these 37 less interesting questions.
Dr. Arthur Arreath wrote first about these questions in this same study in 1999. And there, the goal of research was not to produce romantic love.
Instead of that, I was looking for the international act between college students, using what they had called African personal personal personal personal personal personal personal personal personal personality.
Sounds remote remove, right?
But the study is working.
The participants sat more close after doing it. Several media studies also used the protection Amazon Pressure protection as a quick way to create trust and interaction between extraordinarily.
They have used it between members of police and community -- and they have used it between people of political political ideas.
The original version of history, which I tested the past summer, which is a personal question with four minutes of visual contact -- it was care in this article but unfortunately never published.
A few months ago, I was giving a talk in a small common university, and then a student went to me and told me with sexual -- I test the study and didn't work.
He seemed discovered by it.
And I said, "You want to say you love the person with who they do it?
Well, he made a paper.
I think she just wants to be friends.
And I said, "But got better friends?
Did you feel better after testing the study the studio.
The state.
So it worked.
However, I don't think that was the answer that he looked for.
In fact, I don't think it is the answer that none of you are looking for when it's about love.
I went to the study for the first time when I was 22, and I was getting a really difficult selection.
I had had that relationship since I was 20, which was basically all my whole life, and he was my first real love, and I had no idea how or if I could live without it.
So I went back in science.
I invented everything that I could find about the science of romantic love, and I expected that that could in a certain form of manufacturing the heart.
I don't know if I realized this at the moment I thought I was just invented for the book I wrote, but in retrospect, it looks really obvious.
I thought that if I took me with the knowledge of romantic love, I would never have to feel so bad and just as I sat then.
And all this knowledge has been useful from one or another way.
I'm more patient with love. I'm more related.
I have more trust to do what I want.
But I can also see more clearly and I can realize that what I look for is sometimes more than you can actually go to me.
What I look for love is a shark, not just to be loved today and to be moved tomorrow, but to continue to be threatened by the person that I love.
It may be that this is the guarantee that people asked when they wanted to know if we were still together.
The story that media told about the 35 questions is that there may be a back to exploration.
There may be a way for some way to monitor some of the incredible risk, and this is a very abstract story, because it will be sure it is so market.
But I think that when it's about love, we're very willing to accept the heart version of history.
The version of the story that I asked, they still follow together?
And his content with an answer of TV or not.
So more than a question: I would propose that we make more difficult questions, questions like, how do you decide who you deserve your love and who isn't it?
How are things excited when things are completely? And how do things are completely?
How do you live with the uncertainty that inevitably makes a relationship, or even more, how you live with your paracy?
I don't know the answer to these questions, but I think they're a good beginning to have a more relevant conversation about what love you to love somebody.
So if you want the brief version of my relationship of my relationship, it's this: A year ago, a meeting and I applied a study design to create romantic love, and I'm very contained.
But it is not the same thing that will be embraced.
It's just the easy part.
So at the end of my article wrote, the love didn't happen.
We're going to be excited because we take the choice of it.
And I started a little bit about reading now, not because it doesn't be true, but because at the moment, I had not considered everything I knew that choice.
I'm not going to consider how many times we have both to take that decision, and you can have to keep doing that choice without knowing before he will always choose me or not.
I want it to be enough to have done and responded 35 questions, you have chosen love to someone so generous and family and fun to have spread that choice in the largest day of America.
But what I've done is, in change, is to turn my relationship in the kind of myth that I don't think about true.
And what I looked for, and what I might spend my life looking for is that the myth is true.
I want the end end in the title of my article -- which is, to purpose, the only part of the article that I actually didn't write it.
But what I've got in change is the opportunity to choose someone and the hope that he also loved me, and it's terrifying -- but that's the attempt with love.
Thank you.
I was raised by a lot of leaders in the mountains and in a way I got a bit of the forest.
To the city of New York a time.  something that I really affect me but more details later.
I'll start with when I was eight years old.
I took a wooden box, and I had a billion of a dollar and a phone and a tenthroached in somebody in Coloric.
And I thought that some strange humans or a few planes find this box about 500 years later, and they learn how our species exchange ideas, for example, how we eat the schools.
I had no idea.
Anyway, it has very much because here I am, 30 years later, and I'm still doing boxes.
In a moment, I was in Harbace -- like to go from exception and make surgery and all those weird things, and I was doing a chair for my mother.
And I took a dictionary and I brought him all the pages and I made a kind of calculation the Arab Anderson, the research covered and a bee I was able to struggle.
Well, my mother has fear of the bees and it is accidentally to them, so I spent more respected in the line, thinking that I could hit it.
In contrast, it happened to the opposite -- somehow it seemed like the size of size, as if you were looking at the text with a school.
So what did I do? It built more boxes.
This time, I started to add electronic elements, radio, strange box that I was finding on the street, all that I could find, because I was looking for things all my life, trying to relate them and tell stories about these objects.
So I got to draw around the objects, and I realized that God I can draw in space.
I can fake tracking, draw the same thing about a sea in the scene of crime.
And I got the objects and I created my own text text text text.
First, both of the ones that you could do an idea.
Then I made some insects and strange creatures.
It was very fun.
And it was great, because I started looking at exhibition and those things, and I was making some money, to bring my girlfriend to dinner, for example, going to Simula.
It was support, man.
In some time I am interested in the human form, schools of natural size of natural beings with human beings inside the country.
It was great, except for one thing: I die.
I didn't know what to do, because the area was going to kill me.
And I went to bed every night thinking about it.
So I tried to use glass.
I started drawing in the glass layers -- similar the drawing in a window, then in another window and another window, and I had all these windows together that form a three-dimensional compassion.
And this really worked, and so I could stop using the area.
So I did this for years and my work with something very big than I call a protection?
For the protection of the protection of the Design of Hailand Book that is a painting in the Main Museum in Spain.
Do you know?
Well, it's a fantastic.
They say it's a little bit attached to your time.
Well, the protection. explaining this piece.
It weighs 11 miles.
15 meters long.
It has double face, so it's 10 meters of compassion.
It's a little bit weird.
Well, that's the source of the blood.
On the left, it's Jesus and the languages.
There is a cave where all these creatures with health heads travel between two worlds.
They go out of the world of representation to this animal male where you hide it.
This is where the creatures with heads of animals are coming up to the cold, ready to be killed in the ocean.
The ocean is composed by thousands of elements.
This is a bird bird been a battle.
Bill Grand is in the sea. The Hortholder is the oil platform of the fire, World, the Relanda bin Valley, there are all sorts of weird things that can find out if you look very well in the ocean.
In all ways, a kind of market.
It's coming out of the ocean, and I picked oil in a hand while the other hand gets blood.
His hands are like battles, and it seems like a biological being a musician that keeps Earth and complete change.
So it's a kind of absolute about?
It's a little bit.
That's the hand that I thought.
And then when you go to the other side, it has a track, like a bird page, and I heard clouds of this track.
It also has a box of 150 meters of a sense of snake than an arms?
Out of all ways, his tail is going to lose the fire of a fly.
I don't know why it happened.
You know, you know.
His tail ended up in a classic global balloon made from the 1980s of 1980s.
Have you seen them?
They were done in the 1930s, as if they were tax standards of terrorism.
It brings me to my last project.
I'm in the middle of two projects, one is called "microbial?
It's about a six years to make 100 of these human beings.
Each is an archive of our culture, through media and material are embraces, dictionary or reduced.
But each act as a kind of archive in ways of being human, and travel in groups of 20, four or 12 to the time.
They're like cells, they together, they are divided.
And you can walk between them. It's becoming years now.
Each is basically a microscope of microscope that weighs 1,000 pounds with a human attacking in their inside.
This has a little cave in the chest.
That's the head -- it's the chest. You can get the contract.
I'm going to take you through the rest of the body, there's a car that comes out of the chest, and that you cover the penis or not, or what you have to have, a kind of an inevitable thing.
It's a quick legacy of these works because I can't explain them for a long time.
We have layers, you can see.
This is a body body for half.
This has two heads, and it's communicating between the two.
There are a little bit of pills that go and train in the head of this strange state.
There is a little physical scene inside the top.
Can you see it?
Anyway, this talk is about these roads, like the boxes we live in.
We're in a box, the solar system is a box.
This brings me to my last box.
It's a ball box. It's called Penest World.
In this box there's a physicist, a negative, a photograph, a music, a market, a radio, a music, a school, an educational arm that defines all the content we do in the world, and a garden.
We take the box and all the people in the middle of each other.
And I think that's the way to change the world.
When you redefine who is and the box in which it's living in.
And together, we got to realize that we are all together in this, that this illusion that we are different, these concepts of countries of the countries, of the religion, not work.
We're all very made of the same material and in the same box.
And if we don't start to change those things with drug and genetically we're all going to die very soon.
Thank you very much.
What do you do when you put your head?
Take a subjective.
But so that this ball has access against the pain, first happens by the stomach, the intentions and other organs.
I'm going to take a ball is the most effective system and influence it so that any dark drug in the body.
The device, though, is that when you bring it any drug department.
And this is a great problem, especially in patients with HIV.
And when you take the foreign drugs, these serve to decrease the amount of viruses in the blood, and increase the China cell.
But they are also known by their high self-self-self-self-s effects, because in the time that you get to get to the blood crazy, they disappear, and worse even for the time that you get to get to your fate, which is where it is more important, in the HIV Department.
These are regions of the body like lymph lymph -- the nervous system, the lungs, where the virus is intact, and they don't find it easily in the face of the patients that are shown to the remote artistic drugs.
However, after the treatment, the virus can wake up and infect new blood cells.
This is the great problem of HIV treatment with the current drugs that is a treatment treatment treatment by originally.
One day, I sat and I thought, "Can we make the treatment directly to the legacy of the virus, without the risk of medical decades?
As a scientific expert in leaders, the answer was in front of me, the leaders, of course.
If you use it in engineered, for the carbon care and surgery surgery, you can use for any single thing, including the extracellular transportation of drugs.
In fact, we are actually using a leader of laser to open or lose extremely small holes that open and close almost the cells infected with HIV to introduce the drugs.
The best thing is, "How is that possible?
We send a little bit of a little bit of looking about the extracellular membrane in HIV while these cells are immersed in a liquid that contains the drug that contains the failure.
The laser takes the cell, while the cell is absorbed in a matter of memories.
Before you even realize the hole.
We're currently testing this online technology or in Plan players, but the goal is to take this technology to the human body, apply to the human body.
"How is that possible? You can ask you.
Well, the answer is, through a three heads.
With the first head, which is our leader, we'll make an incentive in the site.
The second head, which is a camera, you get the site of infection.
And finally, the third head, an injection that describes the drug -- it frees it directly in the site of infection while the laser is used again to keep the open cells.
Well, this doesn't seem a lot of time.
But one day, if you have success, this technology can drive the total eradication of HIV.
Yeah. A cure for HIV.
This is the dream of every research of HIV in our case, a treatment treatment.
Thank you.
In the last decade, I've been studied to armed groups of the last decade, not statistics, armed organizations, or microbes or microbes.
He documented what these groups do when they're not destroying.
My goal is to understand better to these generations of violence and study ways to bring the transition of the violence of violence to control control.
I do the field work, in the world of politics.
Understanding these groups is key to solve almost all conflict in course, because the war has changed.
It used to be a device between states.
Not no.
Now it's a conflict between the states and actors not governance.
So for example, from 75 degrees of common peace between 1977, and 2011, 1997, they were signed between a state and a non-school act.
So we need to understand these groups. We even have to engage them or cut them into any process of social conflict.
But how do you do it?
We need to know what drives these organizations.
We know very well the reasons why you do, how do you do it, but nobody knows what they do when you don't know.
The armed struggle and politicians are not really relatively.
It's all part of the same organization.
We can't understand these groups, not much less to cut them without a global vision.
The armed groups of today are complex organizations.
For example, the liberal Heephan, known for their violent control against Israel.
From its creation in the 1970s, Heependen has also established a political part, a network of social services and a military device.
In the same way, the Hallowing Hallowing -- known by their suicide attacks against Israel, also advanced the Farman France since 2000.
So these groups make more than simply described.
They're multiple.
They take a complex communication of community, radio stations of TV, websites of the Internet and strategies in social networks.
And here you have the Sea magazine, print in English and published to recognize.
The armed groups are also investing in a complicated representation of funds without sals, but through real business business companies.
These activities are key.
They allow these groups to increase their strength, increase their funds to get better and building their brand.
The armed groups also do something else. They create more sources with their population investing in social services.
They build schools, helping hospitals, they put hospital training programs.
Hey offers all these services and more.
The armed groups are also trying to connect the population offering something that the state is not a self-self-self-self. and security and protection.
And the task of the Taliban in a Afghanistan developed by war or even the beginning of the School assembly, can be able to understand the efforts of these groups to provide security.
Unfortunately, in these cases, security has an incredibly advanced price for the population.
But in general, it means social services means to take a vacuum. A gap left by government, and they allow them to these farm groups and increase their power.
For example, the electromagnetic victory of 2008 is not to understand the social work of the group.
It's a really complex stage, even in the West, when we look at the armed groups, we only think about the violent side.
But that is not enough to understand the characteristics of these groups, the strategy or the vision of a long term.
These groups are drawing.
They grew up because they come back to the government, and they operate like armed and political groups participate in the violent struggle and make gradual.
And the more complex and sophisticated are these organizations, less we can afford them as something like a state.
How will we call a group like Hember?
Make a part of a terrorist, they manage all their functions -- recognize the garbage -- they get the supply system.
Is it a strategy? It's a research group.
Or maybe it's another thing, something new and different.
And what is SEDI?
The lines are destroyed.
We live in a world of states, of nations without state and breaking, and the more weak are the states -- like in the Middle Middle East, more interested and they fill that gap the natural actors of the world.
This is important for governments, because to control these groups to have to invest more in the tools of ministers.
I will call that glass of government has to be in the center of any sustainable approach.
This is really important to establish and control peace.
If we understand it better to the armed groups, we understand better what incentives to provide the transition of violence to the violence.
In this new device between states and actors, the military power can win some battles, but you won't give us peace or structure.
In order to get these targets, we need long-term investments to fill that security value, to bring that glass of government that allows these groups to be able to be protected in a beginning.
Thank you.
I'm a failure as a woman and as a female.
My opinions about gender equality are extremely, but I afraid to accept the school of "secondary would be an unfair for the financials.
I'm friendly, but quite bad.
And so I am pretty much like a bad financial.
Or at least, I wrote an article and a book called "The bad fire, and then in the interviews, people started calling the Maladum Farma.
So what I started like a personal professional of myself and a debate production, has become something larger.
Let me give you a step behind.
When I was young, especially in my youth and at 20 years old, I had strange ideas about first, these peace women, indicated with men and they hated sex as if that was something bad.
Today, I see how women are treating women around the world and anger, in particular, seems a perfectly reasonable response.
But at the time, I was worried about the tone that was using people to figure out that could be female.
It will be studied as a feminist was a challenge, a word study and depression.
I was thrown as a woman who don't follow the rules, which is a lot of authority, and you see it to believe that it's equal or surface to a man.
No one wants to be that green woman, until it realizes that it's actually that woman and can't imagine being another person.
With time, as I was growing up, I started to accept that I am in fact, in fact, and all of all, proud to be.
For me, certain democracys are really, women are equal to men.
We deserve the same soil for the same work.
We have right to travel around the world as we get it, free and violence.
We have right to use easy and accessible and accessible and relative services.
We have the right to decide about our bodies, no need of legal control or electronic diseases.
We have the right to the respect.
There are more.
When you talk about the needs of women, you need to have our other identity.
We're not just women.
We're people with a different body, expression of gender, religious and sexual conditions, skills and much more.
We need to have these differences and how we affect us, in the same way that we have in common.
Without this kind of incentives, our food is not anything.
For me, these truths are evidence, but to be clear, I'm a disaster.
I'm full of contractives.
There are a lot of things that make me a bad financial.
I have another conference.
When I drive the work, I heard music music launched all volume.
Even though the letter dependent to women and I woke up deeply, the classic "I was able to "develop Shame Texas Texas is amazing.
"I want to do with your left field.
Narrator: You know, move until you put your change?
Think about it.
Power poetry, right?
I'm completely marketing for my musical list.
I think it feels very much in the work of man, which is all that I don't want to do, including --  -- all the domestic tasks -- but also killing insects -- the care of the fish and the management manner.
I don't want to have anything to do with that.
The river is my favorite color.
I enjoyed the wood magazine and the bad things.
I can see "The Back and the romantic media -- and I have a lot of boring factors of the things that are doing reality.
Some of my dolphins are more described.
If a woman wants to adopt your husband, it's your election, and I'm not who for galaxy.
If a woman decides to stay in house to raise their children, I accept that choice too.
The problem is not that it becomes economically vulnerable through this same election, the problem is that our society is confused so that you make women are economically vulnerable when they choose them.
We solve this problem.
I remember the conventional food that has been ignored or dedicated the needs of the women of color women, the workers, human and terrorism, in favor of white women and high class.
You hear -- if that is a very bad feminist I'm a very bad.
It also happens the following: as a feminist -- I feel a lot of pressure.
We have this tendency of putting department films in a pieces.
We hope that they go to the perception.
When we define us with a lot like the same photographs where we put them.
As I said, I'm a distraction, I have already considered me from that photographer before you try to stay there.
Too many women, particularly the innovations and the leaders of the sector, have fear of being labeled as frontal as families.
They have fear of foot and say, "Yeah, I'm a female for fear to what that tag means -- per fear can't be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
Let's take for example, or as I call it, Dahon.
In the last few years is a depression finally.
In the Viecrases Maladacho Airchina, in MIT, I act from the word "the word of three meters tall.
It was a wonderful school, looking at this star of the father to open the feminist and make women and young men who will be female is something to be proud to be proud.
I spent the time, the cultural critics started international debate if Bellow was or not quite financial.
They called her female, instead of just creating the word of a adult and market.
We have a perfect bit of feedback -- because we're still struggling for a lot, we want a lot of a lot of a lot.
We're going to be a lot beyond creative creative and construction to design the feminist of any woman, to destroy until it doesn't get anything.
We don't need to do that.
The bad female, or more well, a more inclusive female is the point of particular.
But what happens then?
We went to recognize our implications to tell you, go to action and be a little more valuable.
If I listen to distributed music -- I'm creating a demand for artists that would be more than a subjective supply.
These artists will not change their way to talk about women in their songs until we demand change effectively to their profits.
No doubt is difficult.
Why is your music to be so particularly?
It's hard to choose something better and so easy to justify a worse choice.
But when the bad decisions are used to be more difficult for women to achieve equality, the equality that we all deserve and is our responsibility.
I think of my surfaces, from three and four years.
These are two magnetic girls and decisions and branches, and also very brave -- I want you to grow in a world.
Where you appreciate them for strong creatures.
I think of them, suddenly the best option is visible as something much easier to do.
We can all make better decisions.
We can change the channel, when a television program is about sexual violence against women as a sport, comes back to the Trans.
We can change the radio oxytocin when we hear songs that treat women like anything.
We can spend our money to go to cinema in another part when the movies don't treat women more than definition objects.
We can stop to support the professional sports where the attacks treat their peers like box sounds.
In any case, the men, especially the white men can say, "No, I'm not going to put it in your magazine, participate in your project, or working with you, until you don't even include a number of women to make decisions.
I'm not going to work with you until their advertising, or your organization is more inclusive with a more broad range of people.
Those of us who are surprised but invited to participate in this kind of projects, we can also be able to be influenced until more as us are sold to overcome the barriers to the decision of decision.
Because we're not less people -- without these efforts, without adopting these positions -- our achievements are going to mean very little.
We can eat these small acts of brave and hope that our decisions come to the top, to the people in the direct power and meaning and music products, CO2, the legal people who can take large decisions, more brave and more brave change.
We can also be able to get our language, well, bad, or any of any one.
The last line of my book "House says, "I want to be a bad feminist to not be in almost?
This is true because of many reasons, but I tell you, especially my voice was ready and the female helped me remember it.
There was an idea.
I call it an amazing thing to do in front of what happened.
A few kids left me when I was very young, and I didn't know that kids can do this to a girl.
I was treated as if it was anything.
I started to believe that it was nothing.
They stole my voice, and after everything else I would believe that I could say something that could matter.
But I was writing.
And I went back to writing.
I remember in a stronger version of myself.
I read the words of those women who could understand a story like the more, and the women who look like and understand what it means living in this world if you have the sea skin.
I read the words of women who showed me that it wasn't anything.
I learned to write like them, and then I learned to write like myself.
I found my voice again, and I started to believe that my voice is powerful beyond what you can measure.
Through the writing and food, I also found that if it was a little brave -- another woman could hear and see that none of us is the nothing that the world tries to tell you that we are.
In a hand, I have the power to achieve anything.
And on the other, I have a humble reality that I'm just a woman.
I'm a bad feminist -- I'm a good woman, I'm trying to improve my way to think, what I say and what I do, without abandoning everything that makes me human.
I hope we all can do the same thing.
I hope we all can be a little bit valuable, when you need to be a very brave thing.
Just after Christmas last year, 12 children in California, they had the salating to have seen Discover or to be exposed to someone who had been there.
The viruses after the border with Canada, including over 100 children in Cell.
One of the tragic things of this outbreak is that the saturance that can be a key for a child with a destroying innovation system, is one of the most easily prevention diseases in the world.
There is an effective vaccine against this from more than a century -- but many of the kids involved in the West Discovery had not been vaccinated because their parents had fear of something even worse -- autism.
But a moment, it was not the article that detects the policy about autism and destroyed, depression and market for being a fracture depressed by the Britain Medical Kanger?
It doesn't believe most smart scientists that the theory cause autism is a specific?
I think most of you know it, but millions of parents around the world are still afraid that vaccines put in danger to their children to have autism.
Why?
Here's why.
This is a graph of the autism of autism in the time.
For most of the 20th century, autism was considered a very rare disease.
The few psychologists and pressure that I had heard about it would be able to develop all their professional life without seeing one case.
For decades, the prevalence estimates were just three or four children per 10 percent.
But then, in the 1930s, the numbers began to shoot it.
The representation organizations like Australia Secrets are growing naturally to autism as an epidemic -- as if I could hire another child in Discover.
What's going on?
If they're not the vaccines, what is it?
If you ask people from the center of the center of Afghanistan diseases what is happening, they tend to be based on phrases like "broken diagnosis and a better design of cases to explain these growing numbers.
But that kind of language doesn't spend a lot of the fears of a young mother who looked for in the face of his child of two years old, the visual context.
If the dictionary crystals had to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be a manufacturing to the principle?
Why were the cases of autism so difficult to find before the 1930s.
Five years ago, I decided to discover the answers to these questions.
I learned that what happened has less to see with the slow and chocolate progress of science that with the security power of nature.
For most of the 20th century, doctors told a story about what autism is and how they discovered, but that story turned out to be fake, and the consequences of the same are having a devastating impact in global public health.
There was a second most accurate story of autism who had lost and forgotten in the dark liberal colors of clinical literature.
This second story tells us everything about how we get here and where we have to go.
The first story starts with a incredible philosophy, Lee Kanger, in 1974, Kanzary published an article that describes 11 young patients that seemed to be private worlds, none of their own parents.
They could be fun for hours to avoid the hands of their faces, but they were part of the panic of memories like when they didn't put your favorite toy in your own way without knowing them.
On the base of the patients treated in their clinic calculation, nobody was very rare.
In the 1930s, as a major authority of the world in the subject, I decided that I had seen less than 150 real cases of their college while I collected regions of places as distant as South Africa.
This is actually not going to be strange, because the Christians of Kanzary was very resource.
For example, they decided to give that diagnosis to children and we now know that simplicity is very common in autism.
Once he had been about nine of every 10 children sent up by other doctors to their contract to be autistic without giving you an autism.
Kong was an intelligent man, but part of his theories were not creatures.
It includes autism as a form of child photographs caused by cold parents and devices.
These kids, he said, they have remained carefully in a refrigerator that don't depression it.
At the same time, though, Kong noticed that some of his young patients had special skills that are involved in certain areas like music, mathematics and memory.
One of the kids in their clinic could distinguish between 18 pounds before I was going to take the two years.
And when his mother put one of his favorite devices, he was precisely said, "Beam said.
But Kong had a bad opinion of these skills, by making things like kids were just recording what they had heard of their own parents, desperate by winning their approach.
As a result, autism became a source of shame for families, and two generation generations were sent to institutions for their own well, becoming invisible for the world in general.
It was not until the 1970s, that researchers began to test the theory of Kenya that autism was weird.
Long Willing, psychological psychologist, I thought that the theory of the greenhouse mothers of Kanzary was quite stupid.
She and his husband were a little bit close and accessible, and they had a profound autistic child called Sun.
Long and John knew how difficult it was to grow a girl like Sun without security services, no special education, and no other resources to other resources without a diagnosis.
In order to defend the National National Service, that they needed more resources for autistic kids and their families, Los and his colleague, Jewish Google decided to do something that should have done 30 years before.
They had an authority study study in the general population.
They painted a subject of London called California to try to find the autistic kids in the community.
What they saw is that the Kange model was too limited, because the reality of autism was much more colorful and fun.
Some kids could not speak at all, while others were controlled in their fascination for absolutely, in the dinosaurs, or the genius of the real.
In another way, these kids didn't fit in both bit of both bit of both both and single birthday, and they saw a lot of them, much more than the National model of Kanzary would have predicted it.
In the beginning, they were ready to try to make sense of their data.
How did no one had lost these kids before?
But then Loogle found a reference to an architecture in the line in 1947, the next year to the Gandhist article -- and that then came up, buried under the benefits of a terrible time that nobody wanted to remember.
Nobody knew about this article of competition, but he was often selling it in his own job.
There was not even a translation to English, but luckily, the Mountain Mark talked along, and he translated it for her.
The document offers an alternative story of autism.
His car was a man called Hans Assan, who gave a clinical interaction with an inherent school in the 1930s.
The ideas of Assan for the teaching children were properties even for the contemporary states.
The morning in their clinic started with the class of exercise exercise with music and kids follow their games.
Instead of blaming the parents to cause autism authority, Australia described the described as a political disability of life that I require companies of support and adaptive spaces for the transformation of all life.
Instead of treating kids in their clinic as patients -- Alzheimer's called them their little teachers, and they decided to help the development of education methods that were especially affected for them.
Fortunately, Ataran saw autism as a diverse continent that I had an amazing variety of dozens and discovery devices.
He believed that autism and authoritarian traits were common and they've always been, seeing aspects of this continent in architecture contracts in the city culture and the distributed strategy.
He was more there even to say, that for success in science and art, a piece of autism is essential.
London and Judy found that Kong was wrong in that autism was incredibly, like the parents were the cause.
In the next few years, they worked in silence with the American American Association to encourage the diversity of the diagnosis that they called the authority "change?
In the end of the 80 and early '90s, their changes came up in video, holding the limited model of Kanzary for one and inclusive increasing and increasing.
These changes are not running in broken side.
Of course, when London and Julier worked between bases to reflect these Christians, people around the world see an adult adult for the first time.
Before it was "And "The Gandhi Man in 1998, just a little circle, forced for experts knew what the autism was being about authority, but after the increasing activity of Darwin Hollywood like Raparin Bank and the record of "The World Man and photographs and parents around the world knew what the autism.
At the same time, they were introduced the first easy clinical tests to use the autism.
I shouldn't have a connection with that small circle of experts to get a diagnosis for his son.
The combination of "The Man Man changes the changes in the criteria and the introduction of these tests created a network effect, a perfect storm of autism.
The number of diagnostics started to stop, like London and Russia, in fact they were expected that it was, make people with autism and their families finally get the support and the services that are ready.
So Andrew Warn came to blame the vaccines for the increase in the dictional discovery, a simple, powerful story -- as bad as the national theory that autism was incredibly.
If the current science of the prison center that one of eight children in America are in the species, it's right, the cars are one of the largest microbial groups in the world.
In the last few years, the autistic people have joined in the Internet to reject the idea that they are the puzzles to solve the new medical advances -- when the neural term to celebrate the varieties of human cognition, when the human communication is.
One way to understand neuroscience is thinking about terms of human operating systems.
The fact that a PC doesn't work with Windows, it doesn't mean that it's broken.
According to artists, the normal human brain is easily different, obviously social, and it sounds like an attention of attention to the details.
No doubt people have difficulty to live in a world not built for them.
70 years later, we're still coming up to Alexander, which believed that the "Charage for the most exciting aspects of autism are found in the understanding of the teachers, employees of support communities, and parents with faith in the potential of their children.
An autistic woman called "Tokey Gands once said, "We need all the hands in covered to reduce the baby of humanity.
As we go back to an uncertain future, we need all the forms of human intelligence in the planet to make the challenges that we face as a society.
We can't afford to wake up a brain.
Thank you.
